 I end up watch this whole ( very long ) movie because I be fascinate by the sheer stupidity and naivity of it .
 it seem difficult to believe that so many famous people ( Anthony Quinn , Lawrence Olivier , John Gielguld , Vittorio de Sica , etc .
 ) would have willingly participate in this farce .
 but maybe in @card@ people really *were* so naive ?
 the plot seem write by some confused Latin American Marxist priest with an agenda .
 there be a superpower conflict and the Russians be actually the good guy , with the Communist Party General Secretary be a nice and spiritual man , who , suddenly , after @card@ year , see the light and feel compel to ease his bad conscience by release a prisoner priest from a Siberian gulag .
 the priest then promptly become the Pope by a series of coincidence .
 we be allow to see the secret Vatican papal voting process which be portray in the most hillariously pious form you can possibly imagine.Meanwhile , the communist in China achieve the usual socialist economic miracle of starve half of their country to death .
 to solve this minor hiccup on the relentless shine path towards communism they want to start a nuclear war ( in order to justly distribute the Western capitalist rich to the poor worker of China).Our good old comrade General Secretary get a bit worry and call the Pope just before his coronation to ask him to broker peace .
 they meet with the Chinese leader comrade Peng who look and act like a @card@ year old boy .
 you will roll on the floor laugh about what people in @card@ think the Chinese look like .
 comrade Peng demand that the Western capitalist must pay ( which be quite logical after all , do n't capitalist always have to pay for the madness of the socialist ?
 ) , and that the Pope need to sacrifice something , too , for the common altruistic cause of equality and social justice.So when the Pope get crown in Rome , he pledge the entire wealth of the Catholic church world-wide to feed our poor Chinese brethren in Christ .
 and thus he save the world from nuclear holocaust.Apart from this , there be also some minor sub-plots , which , alas , provide little to redeem this incredibly bad movie .
 I will give it three Oscar for stupidity.By the way , Anthony Quinn look quite unlikely as a Pope .
 he be much more plausible as Zorba the Greek .
 where do I start ?
 per the title of this film I expect some degree of authenticity , in the end I be severally let down .
 this be not the story of Lale Andersen or the song Lili Marlene , rather it be a Hollywood ( or pick your film make hub ) story loosely base on some real life character .
 I should have have a clue when I hear a heavy English accent give the intro to the movie in German ; the blood red text ( title , artist ) should have be the 2nd clue .
 the story line be contrived ( Lale be not trick out of Switzerland Rolf Liebermann 's parent , there be no info that Liebermann help smuggle Jews from Germany , the original song have be record outside of the control of the NS regime not while under control , the record play at the station be pick up in Vienna while a Lt .
 be there on leave , etc , etc ) the costume be poor and incorrect for the time frame ( SS black uniform use every where from border guard to staff position , these go away from daily use once the war start , etc ) , the character be stereo type ( SA bully in a club once they be essentially out of power ) .
 do n't waste your time .
 this be absolutely the dumb movie I have ever see .
 what a waste of a splendid cast .
 that be James Cromwell as the ignoramus play deputy .
 I could go on and on , but I would obviously be spend more time on this review than anybody ever do on the script .
 the only thing this movie be about be us vs .
 them and how to revel in profane slapstick beyond any reasonable human being 's tolerance .
 this be one of the @card@ bad movie I have ever see -- and I Love James Garner .
 bad movie - see it at the Tiff and the movie give me a sense of 'been there do that ' - it remind me alot of the movie Blow - expect the Blow be actually interesting.This one story tell two way and both time it be not tell that well .
 what I find so curious about this film--I see the full @card@ hour roadshow version , be how oddly dispassionate it be .
 for a film about @card@ very charismatic men--Castro and Che , engage in a gargantuan political struggle , it be almost totally devoid of emotional fire .
 the scene between Benicio Del Toro and Demian Bichir ( who be at good a second level actor,with a slightly high pitched voice ) have no drama or depth and basically come down to Castro tell Che : go here , go there , do this and that , with no explanation as to what effect or use this action will result in .
 odd still be there be an actor in the cast who have the requisite power to play Castro--Joaquim de Almeida , but he be shunt aside in a minor part in the second half .
 without the tension or passion that you would expect to fire these man and their follower , the film become a dullish epic-length film about hairy , bearded man run through various jungle shout and shoot to no particular purpose or end .
 several of the review I have read shower praise on the work of director Steven Soderbergh while ignore the actor almost completely .
 ( one in fact spend more time talk about Soderbergh 's new digital film camera than the plot or actor or the fact that it be entirely in Spanish with English subtitles.)This be an odd , odd thing to do since a ) Soderbergh be only a hire gun on the film and b ) it be no more than a competent job of work , with an unremark upon nod to Oliver Stone 's JFK in the black and white cut up camera-work when Che visit New York .
 if you can imagine red direct by Andrew McLaglen instead of Warren Beatty , you will get an idea of the dull competency of this movie .
 the Cat in the Hat be just a slap in the face film .
 Mike Myers as the Cat in the Hat be downright not funny and Mike Myers could not have be any bad .
 this be his bad film he have ever be in .
 the acting and the story be just terrible .
 I mean how could they make the most beloved story by Dr .
 Seuss be make into film and be one of the bad film of all-time and such a disappointment .
 I could n't have see a more worst film than this besides , maybe Baby Geniuses .
 but this film be just so bad I ca n't even describe how badly they make this film .
 Bo Welch should be fire or the writer should.Hedeen 's outlook : @card@ No Stars F This be go to be the most useless comment I have ever put down , but yet I must do it to warn you about the atrocity to cinema that 'Freddy 's Dead ' be .
 it be not only the very bad chapter of the Nightmare series , but be right up there with the bad horror sequel of all time !
 it be boring , pointless , and nearly death free .
 the horrible 3-D ending and over-the-top Corny kill be enough to drive this 'film ' into the ground .
 however , it do n't stop there , just add bad acting , a terrible script , and a number of cheesy cameo and you have get yourself this heaping pile of guano !
 it be no wonder why Freddy , as always play by Robert Englund , have make two postmortem appearance .
 I would too if I go out like that .
 this be a strictly fan only movie , do n't stare at our shame .
 I love Adrianne Curry before this show .
 I think she be great on Top Model and be really glad when she win .
 I also like Chris Knight , he seem like a great guy .
 but this show just make me Sick !
 I be so angry at both of them for what happen on that show .
 I do n't care that they be different age , I know age ca n't stand between love .
 but Adrianne , you have be together for ONLY Seven MONTHS .
 it do n't surprise me at all that he have n't propose .
 and I do n't see the appeal of force someone to marry you before they be ready .
 if it be mean to be , then why not just ENJOY each other 's company and love each other , and let it come naturally ?
 turn a wedding ring into a ball and chain be completely unnecessary , it be stupidly obvious that Chris love you , with or without a ring .
 and Chris , shame on you for break down and propose to her anyway !
 you have be through two failed marriage , how could you rush into another one just because she pitch a fit ?
 I hope the relationship last , but I really feel that the marriage be rush and for all the wrong reason .
 maybe now they can take a breath and find the right reason to be marry from within the marriage .
 I do n't really post comment , but want to make sure to warn people off this film .
 it be an unfinished student film with no redeeming feature whatsoever .
 on a technical level , it be completely amateur - constant unintentional jump edit within scene , dub wildly off , etc .
 the plot be completely clichd , the structure be laughable , and the acting be embarrassing .
 I do n't want to be too harsh : I have make my share of student film , and they be all awful , but there be no reason for this film to be out in the world where innocent fan will have to see it.Safe assumption that - much like the cast - positive comment be filmmaker , friend , and family .
 would have well strengthen considerably by make it as a50 minute episode of the Outer Limits .
 too much superfluous material and stuff like the chief bad guy look like he have escape from the Phantom of the Opera do n't help .
 the whole 'Night of the live Dead ' sequence be extremely silly and quite unnecessary .
 after all , if the dead be to punish anyone for their sin , now remind me exactly who be kill everyone again ?
 who actually create this piece of crap this be the bad movie i have ever see in my life it be such a waste of time and money .
 I hate it how they create low budget sequel feature D-Lister actor and a storyline so similar to the 1st one.I find this movie in the bargain bin sit right next to Wild thing @card@ and Death to the Supermodels for $2.99 what a fool i be to actually think that this could be good instead i watch in disgust as poor acting stereotype rip of the storyline and script from the 1st one.Whoever think that this straight-to-video production be actually even a half decent film you must be on crackd or something because I think what pretty much most of the people who have see this film think what a LOAD of CRAP !
 !
 !
 !
 the Godfather Part I be a stunning look inside the fictional Corleone family and how an innocent young man be all but force into circumstance he never want to have a part of .
 the Godfather Part II show that young man 's acceptance of his new role , his desensitization of character , as well as his complete loss of all innocence as he dive deep and deep into a life of crime .
 the first two part of this saga of this transformation of Michael Corleone make for one of the great tragedy in cinematic history.Then , along come the Godfather Part III .
 Michael Corleone be now the age Don of the Corleone family .
 he show remorse for his previous action not through subtle behavior , but by try to use his power for good and admit all his wrongdoing and regret to other .
 very cliche and uncharacteristic of the complex character that be Michael Corleone .
 Michael 's plan to use his power for good be derail by an ambitious young disciple and his enemy .
 Michael 's daughter be eventually a casualty of the ongoing mob war and her death predictably lead to Michael realize that his entire life as Don have be worthless for he have fail in the one thing that be the reason for put himself into the position he be in : protect his family.The Godfather Part II end with Michael Corleone reach the low of the low : have his own brother kill .
 before Part III be make , the Godfather saga be an emotionally riveting tale of an innocent young man 's journey into darkness with the unbelievably tragic end of Michael forget his root and abandon the one thing that have always matter most to him and those around him : family loyalty .
 Part III paint the picture of Michael as a man who be and always have be just a victim of circumstance .
 this greatly corrupt the meaning of the first two films.The Godfather Part III be a horrible mess of a film that never should have be make .
 the only solution to the problem that be this final installment of the Godfather movie be to pretend that it do not exist and that the saga actually end with Michael 's shockingly horrible act of have a member of his own family kill .
 oh my God this be so bad !
 the story be weak - at good - and the animation be flat and lifeless - even childish .
 this film take itself far too seriously...unless of course they mean to be funny .
 I see this last week at the London Sci-Fi Festival and the entire audience be laugh at every scene .
 I think my favourite be 'should n't you be study medicine at Oopsalof ' !
 and I also think they be try to see how many time they could cram in the character Nicalo 's only line 'we will be together...it be our destiny .
 ' I be sorry but after the first time , the word lose all meaning.And what be with the apple ?
 I recommend this as a lesson to Americans : you can animate , so please do n't try .
 you only embarrass yourselves .
 if I have never read the book , I would have say it be a good movie .
 but I do read the book .
 who ever do the screen write ruin the storyline .
 there be so many change , that it be n't really worthy of the title .
 character change , plot change , time line changes...First off who be Henry and the investigator ?
 they be n't in the story .
 Henry have Mitch 's persona somewhat , but Mitch be n't a cop .
 no you make it so Roz , help 'sink ' his body and use that as Zenia 's blackmail against Roz .
 the real so call blackmail be Roz think Zenia be sleep with her son and want her to get away from him .
 her son be also be blackmail because he be hide being Gay from his mother .
 her son be n't even really mention in the story .
 neither I do n't believe be his lover , Roz 's secretary.Tony and West be not together in the beginning .
 he be actually with Zenia first while in college .
 the black painted apartment be their Idea , Tony just go to visit .
 this be where Zenia and Tony meet , become fast friend .
 Tony hide her love for West .
 then Zenia leave west , with cash from Tony , then West and Tony get together .
 eventually marry , at some point west leave Tony for Zenia again for a short time .
 only to be heart break again .
 then go back to Tony .
 Zenia 's blackmail for Tony be that Tony have write a test paper for Zenia .
 now be a Professor at College she do n't want to let it get out .
 I will say the character who play Tony do it wonderfully.Charis character be a blond , not that it really matter .
 Zenia do n't trick her about have cancer while Augusta be alive .
 no she be there when Charis have a lover name billy .
 Augusta 's father , he be a draft dodger in the Vietnam war .
 eventually after Charis take care of Zenia for month for what be actually drug withdrawal .
 Zenia and Billy have an affair right under Charis 's nose while take care of them both .
 then Zenia turn in Billy to the government , and leave on the ferry with him .
 not with Augusta , Charis be pregnant with her tho .
 Charis also have a split personality , Karen be her real name.Zenia do not die from be cut up into piece's... .
 she fall or be possibly pushed ( we never really know ) off the balcony and land in a fountain .
 she have almost pure grade heroin in her blood and it be likely she take some not know and fall off as she OD have .
 she be also really dieing of Cancer this time around.It do n't show any of the childhood memory or anything that endear the character to the reader .
 the book be stripe down to its bare bone .
 then re make in someone else 's vision .
 why could n't you just write your own story along the line of what you make the movie .
 it be different enough , and I be sure could have be make more so .
 inept , boring , and incoherent supernatural 'thriller ' in which college student Cassie ( Melissa Sagemiller ) be the constant victim of hallucination and nightmare after a car accident claim the life of her boyfriend Sean ( Casey Affleck).I ca n't begin to tell you how bad this is...nothing of any importance ever happen nor be there ever any sort of actual entertainment value .
 I do not like this cast in this particular film - they be all sadly unconvincing ( then again , their role be no good ) .
 to promote this as a horror film be a joke .
 where be the scare ?
 there be no sense or suspense - there be a few good song but that be about it.How on Earth do this project get the green light ?
 writer-director Steve Carpenter have no discernible vision or talent that I can sense .
 bad of all , the conclusion really make the whole movie pointless.The allege 'killer cut ' that I watch be @card@ minute of pure tedium.1/10 seriously , I have read some of the review on this film , and I have to ask , be you people watch the same movie.Yes , I give the set director a lot of credit for be able to recreate @card@ vintage Los Angeles , but so what ?
 none of the character be likable , the story seem aimless , Karen Black be simply not a very good actress .
 Donald Sutherland be just icky .
 ( and his character 'Homer Simpson ' make me wish for the animated version .
 D'oh !
 ) then you have the creepy child actor , the creepy Billy Barty , and so on.This be one of those film cinema buff love and the rest of us look at each other and go , 'What the heck !
 ' that be not just my consider verdict on this film , but also on the bulk of what have be write about it .
 now do n't get me wrong here either , I be not a total Philistine , I do n't hate the movie because it be n't enough like 'police academy @card@ ' or whatever , I enjoy more than my fair share of high brow or arty stuff , I swear.'Magnolia ' be poor , and I be honestly mystify as to why it be seemingly so acclaimed .
 long winded , self indulgent , ramble nonsense from start to finish , there be just so little that could credibly be what people so love about the movie .
 there be some high calibre actor fair enough , and none turn in an average or bad performance .
 furthermore , my wife ( a self confess Tom Cruise hater ) tell me it be his career good performance by far .
 but the plot be so completely unengaging , meander between the story of several loosely connect character at such a snail 's pace that even when significant life change event be depict they seem so pointless and uninterest you find yourself cry out for someone to get blow up or something.It do n't help that none of the character be very easy to identify or empathise with ( well I do n't think so , but I do n't like most people admittedly ) .
 they all play out their rather unentertaining life story at great length , demonstrate their character flaw and emotion in ever-so intricate detail and play out their deep and meaningful relationship to the nth degree with many a waffle soliloquy en route .
 Yadda yadda yadda .
 the soundtrack be dire as well , with that marrow-suckingly irritate quality that I have hitherto think unique to the music of Alanis Morisette.All in all , it be about as enjoyable a three hour as be force to repeatedly watch an episode of 'Friends ' whilst be intermittently poke in the rib by a disgruntled nanny goat .
 the bit with the frog be good though .
 I do n't expect much from this TV movie .
 you have to set the bar lower than you would for midget limbo for any TBS movie star Antonio Sabato Jr .
 still , it manage to disappoint , fail even to be a good-bad film.Every scene be by rote , as if someone have cut and paste scene from a dozen movie and tv show deal with big business conspiracy into the script , lean back and say , 'My work be do ' .
 it be all cliche , all predictable , and , even bad , the actor be force to look like they be take it seriously , ( even when the plot development be laughable).Do yourself a favor .
 watch 'The X-Files ' if you be in the mood for paranoia .
 they handle it good .
 also , let anyone know that sit through 'Fatal Error ' be just that .
 the only reason I DVRd this movie be because @ord@ I live in Cleveland and Shaq play basketball for us now and @ord@ I have always hear how awful it be .
 the movie do not disappoint .
 the good part be Shaq 's outfits .
 the bad part be , well , just about everything else .
 my @card@ year old son and I just squirm and could n't look at the screen when Shaq start rap and we keep wonder why Max do n't wish for Kazzam to fix that front tooth of his !
 but for all it be terribleness we just could n't stop watch it , the story suck you in , like a black hole or quicksand or a tar pit , it be hypnotic .
 but it be worth it for the laugh and just to say that we actually watch 'Kazzam ' .
 why be it that when a star reach the top of the star chain , they ruin all the good work by make a bad movie ?
 Burt Reynolds peak , then start make dreadful Hal Needham car chase flick .
 Arnold Schwarzenegger become the hot property in Hollywood , only to invite derision upon himself with the appalling last Action Hero .
 and here , loquacious Eddie Murphy erase memory of Trading Places and @card@ hour with this 'family ' adventure flick , which be an unbelievably tedious , childish and generally plain awful misfire in which the chance to see Charlotte Lewis 's great big breast in a tight blouse be the most appealing aspect of the entire film.The story be pure humdrum .
 it concern social worker Murphy , contact by mysterious type and tell that he be the Chosen one .
 choose for what , I hear you ask .
 his job be to rescue a Tibetan boy with mystical power from a race of demon who want to rule the world .
 as the main demon , classy actor Charles Dance look terribly embarrassed to be in the film , but hey , I be sure he be well pay for sacrifice his talent .
 of all Murphy 's film , this be easily the bad .
 I have read some review which suggest that it be nice to see Murphy in an atypical role , in a non formulaic kind of film , and while both point be loosely true there be no forgive the fact that the film - however atypical and non formulaic it might be - be an absolute load of garbage .
 try to be funny and fail miserably .
 the animation be just terrible , look like a @card@ year old throw it together in his sleep .
 plot be dull and cliched .
 if you have a young child , maybe rent it .
 but do n't waste hard earn money to pay to see it.1/10 like some of the other reviewer have allude to previously , I will like to know what moron actually read the script and go ' , 'Yea !
 !
 !
 this be it .
 this be the next film we be go to green light !
 !
 ' and whoever that person be , should have his or her head examine for actual brain activity .
 because whoever be responsible for actually dish out money to have this make after read the script , well , I will love to give you my email address and maybe you will like to just give away some more money .
 this film be atrocious in every way.The Wayans be funny , at least they can be .
 they have make some good film and have some incredibly funny performance along the way .
 but in here , not only do the premise defy all logic , not only be the act terrible , not only be the entire movie offensive from start to finish , not only be the direction as amateurish as you can find , but they actually want you to pay to see this film .
 maybe if it be free...naaah , it would still be a waste of time.Usually I will be incline to write some long winded , detailed review about why this film be so bad , but just suffice to say that let my brevity do the talking .
 this be the low common denominator film make and it be about as unfunny as a heart attack.0/10..makes my top ten list of bad film of all time !
 it be one of those dramas that be so bad that it almost hit the point of be very funny , the script be absolutely dire , direction appalling , light purely armature , the only thing let it down from a true so bad it be good feel be that the sound design be only quite bad ; it add no suspense to the story although try hard , but do n't at least destroy any speech .
 there be continuity problem of season of out door shot throughout .
 and finally last but not least the acting be appalling .
 for a professional production it very much have the feel of a university medium project you have to feel sorry for the sorry for anyone who have to put their name to this .
 this movie be just terrible , the first movie be n't that great i mean it be ridiculously stupid if they do n't have enough with the first @card@ film you have to add another one , why just not make this into an ongoing series like James Bond , i will tell you exactly why because the bond film be actually very very good and these film just stink , i do n't understand , be this suppose to be a cross between to genre like horror and comedy for goodness sake my @card@ year old niece would n't be scare of such a ridiculous attempt at horror , a spit in the face of people who at least want to be scare at some point in a so call horror film .
 please no more of these movie .
 Lucy Alexis Liu and Cillian Murphy be both excellent actor , who can certainly rise to any acting challenge put to them.Unfortunately 'Watching the Detectives ( @card@ ) ' offer only one to both actor and audience alike : not to fall asleep during a mind-numbingly boring , very predictable and unimaginative story.'Watching the Detectives ( @card@ ) ' try very hard to be funny , but the comedy be force , extremely poorly direct and embarrass to the verge of complete ridicule.After a third of the film still nothing that may capture even the most willing audience , like the director 's friend and relative , be even hint at , not to mention actually happening.I be pretty sure everybody who like it fake it or have to fake it like Neil 's ex-girlfriend do when he show her an old B&W ; film she could n't care less about .
 'Watching the Detectives ( @card@ ) ' be nowhere near category B , it fall somewhere between Q & R , like -Questions ?
 and -Repress the question !
 the director know what he be do !
 well , if his goal be to bore the viewer to death , he have do a very good job !
 'Watching the Detectives ( @card@ ) ' be a complete waste of time for Lucy Alexis Liu and Cillian Murphy , bur PLEASE do n't let it be a waste of your time !
 rating : @card@ out of @ord@ this be the first time I be write a comment on a movie on IMDb .
 but i have to write it for this one .
 its @card@ hrs of unadulterated torture .
 from the start u get the idea that the movie be gonna be bad .
 the acting be pathetic .
 I be a big fan of Ajay devgan ( love him in bhagat singh ) but he be at his bad in this movie .
 Amitabh seem to have work hard for this one , but somehow the fear be miss .
 prashant raj be a non actor .
 and the most irritate part of the movie be nisha kothari .
 i have no clue why the director take her in this movie .
 the background score be repetitive .
 somehow i feel that Ramu try to repeat a sarkar , the color theme , the background score , the camera angle , but it do n't work .
 please do n't WATCH it I see that someone already think of a similar analogy , which be similar to the first thing that come to mind after I watch this movie .
 they say that the ingredient be there but there be no plot .
 besides the sexual scene which border on child-porn ( which I feel could have be edit out or be present more suggestively in nature rather than graphically , I would liken this movie to a recipe that have be tear in half .
 it be kind of like be hand a list of ingredient , with no direction on how to put them together into a finished product .
 from the start , character development and story development be lacking...unfortunately , many time in this monotonous drivel we be tease with bit of plot and we think 'Ahh-OK...finally we be go to find out something more about why this scene be go on...or...WHO this character is...or maybe we be finally go to get to know and appreciate this character more...or understand and get involve more with this inter-character relationship...etc .
 ' but no such luck !
 on the contrary , many time I be tempt to just turn it off more than once but stick it out when the carrot be dangle , only to find that whatever mini-plot within whatever mini-plot ( and that poorly present ) be just a ruse .
 why I stay with it till the end be a mystery , other than usually IFC have good selection and they give it @card@ star ( another mystery ) .
 it be not that the character be n't likable to SOME degree , or that you ca n't identify with them or their humanness at all...it be just that this could have be so much well with just a little more effort .
 I notice this be shoot around Santa Cruz and find myself wonder if it be someone 's film school project .
 I wish I could have give this a good review but honestly it be a frustrating and disappointing waste of an hour and a half .
 be an Elvis fan , I ca n't understand how this proyect could be do .
 be by far the bad Elvis related movie of all time , totally unfunny , silly and plenty of mistake about the King .
 come on , Elvis ' grave in a public park ?
 a mention about Suspicious Minds in @card@ ?
 ...and these be just two example .
 some people in the cast try to do their good , Mike Starr be funny ( specially as an impersonator ) , the Tom Hanks cameo be a surprise , but the guy play the young Elvis sucks.Overall the movie lack fun and become more boring minute after minute .
 if you want to see an ultra cheap , insane but absolutely funny little film relate to Elvis , I truly recommend you 'Bubba Ho-Tep ' instead of this mess .
 review for this film be lukewarm at good while expectation be sky high : a big budget , ton of popular face , a rather funny idea and a main actress everyone love .
 the end result be a disaster .
 Alice Tremblay 's supposedly humorous journey in fantasy world fail in every way to entertain it 's audience ( I do n't hear a single laugh throughout the entire presentation ) , go through it 's page-thin story line and one-dimensional character without a single spark , not a sign of the magic it wish it have .
 the @card@ minute of film here be sterile with clumsy direction and some good actor do their good to come of as professional in a feature that certainly could n't seem that great an idea on the set , let alone on paper .
 'L'Odysse d'Alice Tremblay ' be a collage of comic sketch , link together with a ( very ) thin layer of good idea .
 avoid or boredom will haunt you .
 you would n't expect a movie like this to be good , and it be n't .
 it be a no budget , ultra violent zombie movie film with a bad look hand-held camera...and it be hilarious .
 the actor obviously have never act before and it show in their terrible hilarious reading .
 there be no plot to be see .
 the little plot I could find seem to be that a government experiment escape and a group of zombie seem to be terrorize a couple family .
 the gore effect be actually some of the most sickening I have ever see .
 it seem the gore effect people raid a butcher shop for all the body part , and many scene involve zombie dismember people and eat their organ .
 it be a funny and sickening film , and it be about as bad as you can get in term of any movie.My rating : BOMB/**** .
 @card@ min .
 the 1980s TV show , update with fresh female flesh , and raunchy language .
 'The Dukes of Hazzard ' pass me by ; it be not repeat whenever I be in front of the television in either New York or California ; or , I probably would have watch .
 still , from somewhere ( like the clip accompany this film 's update @card@ release ) , I know it be about a fast , orange Dodge Charger - and , the 'General Lee ' be still good to go.Hunky cousin Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville ( as Bo and Luke Duke ) be the New Riders of the Orange Sage .
 beautiful Jessica Simpson ( as Daisy ) fill her skimpy short well - but , even her arouse pink bikini ca n't beat off the competition from a dormitory full of bounce , topless coed .
 the too stupid plot involve a gray Burt Reynolds ( as 'Boss ' Hogg ) threaten to turn Hazzard County into a strip-mine.** the Dukes of Hazzard ( @card@ ) Jay Chandrasekhar ~ Seann William Scott , Johnny Knoxville , Jessica Simpson , Burt Reynolds be convince the world that he do n't exist...This be a line that be probably remember by a lot of people .
 it be from the usual suspect of course in relation to Kaiser Gold..I mean Sose..I get another one like that : -The dumb trick a director ever pull be try to convince an audience he actually have a storyline-This movie be one of the sad piece of film-making I have see in a long time .
 it start out so well , with really fantastic cinematography , great acting and a very smart premise .
 but alas , the only way this movie be head be on a course of self-destruction .
 and it do so , not by a single blow but with nagging little wrist-cuts.Pay no attention to the comment here that marvel at the fact that they find a way to explain this donut .
 with enough booze in my brain I would probably be capable of explain the very existence of mankind to a very plausible degree .
 I have see and read about a dozen totally different way people explain the story .
 and they vary from a story set totally in someones head , play chess with himself , to a cunning way for a criminal to play out his enemy by mean resemble chess gaming.And that be all jolly swell .
 but at the same time it be a painful giveaway that there be something terribly wrong with this story .
 and apart from that , it be in any case a blunt rip off of a score of movie and book like 'Fight Club , Kill Bill , Casino , the Usual Suspects , Snatch , Magnolia and Shachnovelle .
 and we be not deal with kind borrowing here , it be a blatant robbery.What ultimately go wrong here in this movie be that the storyline swirl like a drunk bum on speed .
 if this movie be a roller-coaster ride , you will have crash into the attraction next to it shorty after take off .
 there be so many twist in this movie which will never be resolve , that if it be a cocktail , you will be need a life supply of hurl-buckets to work of the nausea after drink it .
 nothing be ever explain and when you finally get some grasp of the direction you think it be go , you get pull in yet another one.I guess this story be n't go anywhere on paper and Ritchy must have think that be be awesome to make a movie out of it anyway , be the next David Lynch or something.1/10 for totally violate one 's own work ( Ritchy : seek professional help ) .
 what could have easily be a gem instead become a contrived art-piece , food for pseudo intellectual to debate on at sundayafternoon debating-clubs.Spare your soul and stomach , avoid at all cost !
 this movie be amazingly bad .
 I do n't think I have ever see a movie where every attempt at humor fail as miserably .
 Let 's see...the acting be pathetic , the 'special effect ' where horrible , the plot non-existant...that pretty much sum up this movie .
 the Derek 's have over the 1980s produce a few decent bid to acquire the title 'worst movie of all time ' , and this be probably their prime achievement in these stake .
 in fact , this film can be regard as belong to the 'so bad , it be good ' category , right up there with the product of the likes of Edward Wood Jr .
 or Doris Wishman .
 this explain the IMDb voting pattern for this film with some people hand out top marks.Anthony Quinn make the odd dodgy film in his time , but this performance as a randy ghost be so incredibly bad , it have to be see to be believe .
 this movie stink .
 the stench resemble bad cowpies that sit in the sun too long .
 I ca n't believe that so many talented actor waste their time make such a hopelessly awful film .
 Whew !
 this be just plain terrible .
 I read this book for school , i make as on all of the test , and to see it like this !
 my teacher force me and @card@ other people to watch it , and it be worse than Leonard Part @card@ , Plan @card@ from Outer Space , and Hudson Hawk put together .
 the thing that make this film so terrible be enough reason to want to kill yourself over .
 first of all , it be make on Hallmark .
 second , the act be terrible .
 third , it be like completely different from the book .
 literally , it be so bad I ask myself to be excuse .
 basically , I would rather watch basic instinct @card@ than watch this .
 take my advice , do n't watch this film .
 no one would want to watch this .
 it be horrible .
 horrible !
 to make any film about the suppose end of the world , there should be some fact & realism @ord@ we be never tell why these people believe this .
 2.Location be New Years Eve in Toronto Canada .
 so PLEASE SOME One Tell Me why WAS Then Still Shining AT MIDNIGHT & WHY(based on the costume ) do it SEEM Like SEPTEMBER3 .
 the act be in that neo-au-natural style , that need a director who know how to do it.4 .
 the individual story piece be all dreary & without any purpose .
 I could go on , but I do not want to make this as boring as the film.rating *1/2 ( out of @card@ ) @card@ on IMDB scalethank you I be as alwaysJAY Harris ( aka)SIRBOSSMAN once upon a time there be a director by the name of James .
 he bring us wonderfully , thrill science-fiction such as Terminator and Aliens .
 these movie be the stuff blockbuster be make of and he look to have a fantastic future ahead of him as the dawn of computer generate special effect land upon the film industry .
 terminator @card@ show give us glimpse of what be possible in this new era........and then it happened...................1997........countless awards..........obscene amount of money............outlandish barrage of advertising............maximum profit margin........Titanic be here !
 I have never ( ever ) be one to jump on the bandwagon and be overly critical for the sake of it , in fact I have often take the opposite stance from the majority just to get an argument go .
 titanic however be a film I only take one single positive out of - that of Kate Winslett be absolutely gorgeous throughout !
 quickly - the dialogue be like something out of Beverly Hills @card@ , the act be more wooden than my nephew 's tree house , image mean to terrify be actually comical ( man fall from ship and hit propeller ) , historically false ( do n't even get me start because there be too much ) , it have dire theme music ( up there with the bodyguard for cheese ) and the pointless love story be so tedious , self absorbing and pathetic that it disrespect the plight of everyone else involve ( I be glad when he die and disappoint when she do not).It be plainly obvious from the word go that this picture be design to appeal to MTV watching , bubblegum chew , boy-with-car chasing , teenage girl ( Decaprio himself resemble something less heroic than the weedy member of a boy band ) who would drag their sex-starved boyfriend out for a three and a half hour chick-flick hope to get lucky later !
 the bad aspect be that it do not stop at that point .
 million of dumbed down , culture vulture go to see this expensive waste of celluloid because 'it cost so much to produce it must be great ' and 'Steve and Barbara say it be good and they know their movies'.The crown glory arrive when Titanic sweep the board at the Academy Awards .
 King James of Hollywood have a serious moment of silence for the victim of the fatal evening on which his three and a half hour farce be base .
 it look to me as if he be pray for forgiveness after make a fortune off inaccurately portray the circumstance that lead to the death of a lot of people.However , if people be stupid and sentimental enough to buy into this kind of rubbish they deserve to get rip off .
 good luck to Hollywood if that be how they want to make money , I will do it if I have those kind of chance in life !
 it be right up there on my all time bad movie list with other silly , historically false/human interest tripe like 'The Patriot ' and 'Pearl Harbor ' .
 I have to say I be very curious on view this film , and it be consider a notorious disaster when release by 20th Century Fox in @ord@ it have also pop up on several critic list of bad film , and this only deepen an interest , as I just have to see what make this movie so bad.Upon see it , I think I have my answer .
 although I will say it do make for curious viewing , the acting , direction , and script be so laughingly bad , that the suppose satire be completely miss .
 Racquel Welch seem to try to carry the film , but after the opening sequence of the sex-change operation , the film go so far down hill that she can handle this task alone .
 John Huston as Uncle Buck Loner be certainly no help , as he lick and leer at the screen , he sometimes look like he wonder himself what he be do there .
 Rex Reed bounce around as Myron , Myra 's alt ego , and even have his own celebrated masturbation scene .
 Bravo for debut performance !
 Farrah Fawcett play a dumb blonde ; she certainly seem convince in this role .
 but , of course , arguably the most notorious role go to Mae west .
 the sight of a @card@ year old woman with a plastic face make sexual innuendo seem more suitable for a horror film .
 I do n't mean to put this cast down personally ; but in this film , no one come out look good .
 the direction seem so unassured and non-existent , that the film be not only bad , but bore as well .
 throw in some old film footage of old star , and the movie become even more disconnected .
 to each his own to anyone that enjoy this , and I be glad I at least see it , but Myra Breckenridge seem to be the disaster that it be always repute to be from the beginning .
 crime Boss be direct by Alberto De Martino ; an Italian crime drama partially film in Hamburg , Germany .
 an easily forget movie .
 even in spite of a good car chase sequence , this flick seem to lumber on almost aimlessly .
 a new Don take over a powerful Mafia family and find himself fight for his own life .
 unwritten law and ethic of the Mafia code make it hard to trust in anyone especially when million of dollar be at stake .
 brutality and violence breed the same in return .
 this can not be put on a shelf with the real gangster epic .
 just the look of the film bring back memory of American drive-in fare .
 even the popular American actor Telly Savalas ca n't boost the calibre of this crime drama .
 Antonio Sabato also star with:Paola Tedesco , Guido Lollobrigida , Serio Tramonti and Piero Morgia .
 sometimes you need to see a bad movie just to appreciate the good one .
 well , that be my opinion anyway .
 this one will always be in the bad movie category , simply because all but Shu Qi 's performance be terrible.Martial Angel tell of Cat ( Shu Qi ) , a professional thief turn straight after leave her lover , Chi Lam ( Julian Cheung ) , two year before .
 but her past return to haunt her as Chi Lam be kidnap for the ransom of security software belong to the company Cat work for .
 in order to rescue him , she call on her old friend from her orphanage day , six other feisty woman , to save the day...I may have tell the synopsis cheesily , but this be a cheesy story .
 in fact , the whole script and direction lack any quality at all .
 much of the dialogue be meaningless and couple with a plot that be as thin as rice-paper in water .
 if I could sum it up , take a bad Jackie Chan movie , remove the comedy , remove the choreography , throw away the budget , and you have Martial Angels : a formulaic piece of work with no imagination at all.Mind you , I do have to give credit where credit be due , and Shu Qi be probably the only person to emerge unscathed from the terrible action , as it be her performance that shine through .
 okay , you ca n't say she be excellent - after all she have absolutely nothing to work with - but she do manage to dig some character out from her role .
 other than that , only Sandra Ng and Kelly Lin make any other impression - although these be mostly glimmer and very brief.Elsewhere , the film just fall to piece .
 scene and dialogue be completely unnatural and unbelievable , special effect be obviously do on the cheap with no attempt to clean up edge between person and the mask of the blue screen , poor edit involve numerous discontinuity in fight scene , camera angle that be elementary and unflattering , and direction I have see good from a lose dog.I guess this film be a too many cook affair .
 most probably , the budget be blow away on the over-enthusiasm to have seven babe on the same silver screen .
 that do n't leave much else.Frankly , the way this film be make be like a cheap porn movie without the porn .
 Charlie 's Angels , it ai n't .
 in fact , while sister can do it for themselves , none of that be really that apparent here.Definitely one to forget .
 to grasp where this @card@ version of a Star be BORN be come from consider this : its final number be sing by Barbra Streisand in a seven minute and forty second close-up , follow by another two-and-half-minute freeze frame of Ms .
 Streisand -- strike a Christ-like pose -- behind the closing credit .
 over ten uninterrupted minute of Barbra 's distinctive visage dead center , fill the big screen with uncompromising ego .
 that just might be some sort of cinematic record.Or think about this : the plot of this musical revolve around a love affair between two musical superstar , yet , while Streisand 's song be perform in their entirety -- include the interminable finale -- her costar Kris Kristofferson be n't allow to complete even one single song he perform .
 nor , though she do allow him to contribute a little back up to a couple of her ditty , do they actually sing a duet.Or consider this : Streisand 's name appear in the credit at least six time , include take credit for 'musical concept ' and her wardrobe ( from her closet ) -- and she also allegedly want , but fail to get co-directing credit as well .
 one of her credit be as executive producer , with a producer credit go to her then-boyfriend and former hairdresser , Jon Peters .
 as such , Streisand control the final cut of the film , which explain why it be so obsessed with skew the film in her direction .
 what it do n't explain be how come , give every opportunity to make the Great Diva look good , their effort only make Streisand look bad .
 even though this be one of Streisand 's great box office hit , it be arguably her bad film and contain her bad performance.Anyway , move the melodrama from Hollywood to the world of sex-drugs-and-rock'n'roll , Streisand play Esther Hoffman , a pop singer on the road to stardom , who share the fast lane for a while with Kristofferson 's John Norman Howard , a hard rocker head for the off ramp to Has-beenville .
 in the previous incarnation of the story , 'Norman Maine ' sacrifice his lead man career to help newcomer 'Vicky Lester ' achieve her success .
 in the feminist seventy , Streisand & Co .
 want to make it clear that their heroine owe nothing to a man , so the trajectory be skew ; she will succeed with or without him and he be pretty much near bottom from scene one ; he be a burden she must endure in the name of love .
 as such , there be an obvious effort to make the lead lady not just tough , but almost ruthless , while her paramour come off as a henpecked twit.Kristofferson schlep through the film with a credible indifference to the material ; make little attempt to give much of a performance , and oddly it serve his aimless , listless character well .
 Streisand , on the other hand , exhibit not one moment of honesty in her entire time on screen .
 everything she do seem , if not too rehearse , at least too control .
 even her apparent ad lib seem awkwardly premeditate and her moment of suppose hysteria coldly mechanical .
 the two have no chemistry , make the central love affair totally unbelievable .
 you might presume that his character see in her a symbol of his fading youth and innocence , though at age @card@ , Streisand do n't seem particularly young or naive .
 the only conceivable attraction he might offer to her be that she can exploit him as a fast route to stardom .
 and , indeed , have the film have the gut to actually play the material that way , to make Streisand 's character openly play an exploitive villain , the film might have have a spark and maybe a reason to exist.But I guess the filmmaker actually see Esther as a sympathetic victim ; they do n't seem to be aware just how cold-blooded and self absorb she be .
 but sensitivity be not one of the film 's strong point : note the petty joke of give Barbra two African American back up singer just so the film can indulge in the lame racism of call the trio the Oreos .
 and the film make a big deal of point out that Esther retain her ethnic identity by use her give name of Hoffman , yet the filmmaker have change the character 's name of the previous film from 'Esther Blodgett ' so that Streisand wo n't be burden with a name that be too Jewish or too unattractive .
 so much for ethnic pride.The backstage back stab and backbite that proceed the film 's release be near legendary , so the fact that the film end up look so polished be remarkable .
 nominal director Frank Pierson seem to have deliver the raw material for a good movie , with considerable help from ace cinematographer Robert Surtees .
 and the film do serve its purpose , produce a soundtrack album of decent pop tune ( include the Oscar-winning 'Evergreen ' by Paul Williams and Streisand ) .
 but overall the film turn out to be the one thing Streisand reportedly claim she do n't want it to be , a vanity project .
 I do n't like this film , but then I do n't think much of the book either which , although laud by many as a 'masterpiece ' , I find lack in character development and disjointed and illogical in plot , although it be far more readable than Fante 's dreadful first effort 'Road to Los Angeles ' not publish until Fante become fashionable in the mid 80s.I be intrigue to see what sort of soup Towne would make with such meager ingredient .
 he have work hard script-wise to repair the many shortcoming of the book but for my money do n't rescue it .
 there be never a movie in Ask the Dust while ever he try to stay faithful to the book .
 I consider this film Towne 's folly.In a word : forgettable .
 this film be the bad film I have ever see .
 the story line be weak - I could n't even follow it .
 the acting be high-schoolish .
 the sound track be irritate .
 the attempt at humor be not .
 the edit be horrible .
 the credit be even slow - I would be embarrass to have my name associate with this waste of film .
 do n't waste your time even think about this attempt at act .
 Spoilers.First off , nothing really happen in this movie , other than a woman bleed inexplicably .
 second , it be n't scary .
 third , it have the bad soundtrack of any movie ever .
 let me elaborate .
 the sound be edit by either Beavis or Butthead I be not sure which , so let 's just go with Beavis .
 the movie gradually get more and more quiet and the people mumble and mutter , force you to turn up the volume ( I watch this at home ) .
 then Beavis blast some really loud sound with supposedly scary/shocking image , force you to quickly lower the volume again .
 this occur many time until , mercifully , the movie end .
 I can picture Beavis laugh vulgarly from behind the two-way mirror while watch the test group franticly reach for the remote each time .
 if you have child and prefer to watch scary movie after they fall asleep , this one be a big mistake .
 but then it be a big mistake anyway .
 here be a thought if you be go to make a horror movie , at least add a gratuitous beheading , a 19-year-old blond girl who scream at the top of her lung just before she can take off her sweater , the shadow on the wall of someone be eat alive just out of the camera range , a cat be throw at the camera to scare the audience , some drifty weirdo with a maniacal laugh , or a monster who look like a stage hand cover in aluminum foil ( a la TV 's Lost in Space ) .
 these people do n't even try to scare me .
 they just want to hurt my ear .
 it be a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek be no longer with us .
 but that should n't blind anybody to the fact that in @card@ , a pretty ugly blotch appear on both man 's CVs .
 no doubt John Derek conceive this movie do for his wife what 'Some like it hot ' and 'One Million Years BC ' do for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh respectively , create an iconic sex symbol for the new decade .
 have run to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in '10 ' Bo 's reputation , an all-star cast and location film in Sri Lanka mean that nothing could go wrong .
 alas , as they say , mortal plan and God laugh .
 it be say that when this film premier in @card@ , the Edgar Rice Burrows estate try to take legal action against it .
 Bo Derek play Jane Parker who set off into turn-of-the century Africa to be reunite with her boozy , abusive Dad , Richard Harris .
 daddy Parker be an explorer who have set out to find 'the Great Inland Sea ' the stuff of local legend , whose existence have be poo-pooed by conventional wisdom .
 Harris be worth watch for a wonderfully hammy , tank -up performance which include sing an Irish ditty at an Indian elephant that somehow find its way into Africa ( do it arrive at the same time as the Orang-Utan from Sumatra ?
 ?
 ?
 ) Furthermore , although Jane profess to despise Parker , Bo and Rich 's relationship be creepily incestuous , testimony perhaps to the effect of the tropical heat .
 before long , however , local legend start to circulate about a 'Great White Ape ' and Jane hear the famous yodel .
 this be the movie 's cue for Miles O'Keefe , a future B-Movie star , make a rather odd debut as the loin-clothed Lord of the Jungle .
 unlike Johnny Weismuller with his pidgin English or Ron Ely who speak the language fluently , the O'Keefe Tarzan be mute .
 give some of Bo and Richie 's dialog , though , this be probably not a bad thing .
 Harris and his caravan eventually reach the Great Inland Sea , locate atop a gigantic plateau that seem to run halfway across Africa....hang on , be n't sea , lake and other watery place generally locate in low-lying area ?
 ?
 Nevermind , it be just one of many anomaly in the John Derek universe .
 the crew attempt to mount the cliff and when the rope snap , Harris roar echo abuse at the hapless man who have plummet to their death .
 on another occasion , Jane decide to take a nude swim by the Inland Sea , give another occasion to see some gratuitous nudity .
 out of nowhere a single male lion appear .
 now lion usually travel in pride and never go near beach but later on , Tarzan will be wrestle with a ( venomous ) boa constrictor .
 zoology do n't seem to have be one of John Derek 's strong points.... .
 this be a Tarzan movie , Jane become enchant with the Lord of the Jungle and resolve to take his virginity .
 but have see his closeness to some of those chimp , you do have to wonder...Speaking of which , it be not only the Edgar Rice Burroughs estate could have sue .
 it be highly probable that certain primate be on the phone to their lawyer : the chimp here make you miss Cheeta badly .
 especially when they do ridiculous thing like ride on the back of elephant and clap their hand when Tarzan and Jane finally get it on !
 the climax of this film have Bo and Harris capture by some rather stereotypical cannibal who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice/eat/execute her .
 suffice be to say that the Great Wooden Ape get his girl and *SPOILER* Harris get himself impale on a huge elephant tusk !
 this do n't stop the die Parker from deliver a ramble monologue to Jane .
 as far as I be aware , the law suit from the Rice Burrows estate never materialize but 'Tarzan the Ape Man ' be crucify at the box office ( no kid ?
 ) a pity .
 John Derek could have direct 'Tarzan the Ape man @card@ ' with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe live in domestic bliss and Dudley Moore as 'Boy .
 ' a confused mess from start to finish .
 like they use to say about the Beatles'songs , there be a secret message if you play the LP backward .
 if one have the patience to watch this film scene from finish to start , you will come away with the same degree of disappointment.Apart from all of this psychedelic hodge podge of flashback and false start , the clear character be the movie backer , out for revenge if the movie do n't get sort .
 there be nothing to like about these two either .
 overact , shout and threat be deliver in comic book fashion .
 I think one dimensional be an overstatement.Okay , so maybe the artsy type be roll their eye revel in the fact that unlike them , we plebeian just do n't get it .
 well I be afraid there be nothing to get .
 and the two cardinal sin of any bad movie carry from start to finish .
 a non-existent and pathetic story line if you want to call it that , and by far the bad , not a single character you care about in the least .
 I rent this movie about @card@ year ago , and it still stand out in my mind as the bad movie ever make .
 I do n't think I ever finish it .
 it be bad than a home video make by a high school student .
 I remember them do a flashback to @card@ something and in the flashback there be a man with a polo shirt , oakley sunglasses and a new SUV , like a Toyota Rav-4 or something ( I do n't remember ) .
 I do n't understand how they could have possibly say that to be in the 70s .
 he might have have a cell phone too , I cant remember , it be just horrible .
 I return it to the video store and ask them why they even carry the movie and if I could get the hour of my life back .
 to this day it be the bad movie I have ever see , and I have see some pretty bad one .
 take 'Rambo , ' mix in some 'Miami Vice , ' slice the budget about @card@ % , and you have get something that a few ten-year-old boy could come up with if they have a big enough backyard & too much access to 'Penthouse .
 ' Cop and ex-commando McBain ( Busey , and with a name like McBain , you know he be as gritty as they come ) be recruit to retrieve an American supertank that have be steal & hide in Mexico .
 capture with the tank be hardbitten Sgt .
 Major O'Rourke ( Jones ) & McBain 's former love Devon ( Fluegel ) , the officer in command & now meat for the depraved terrorists/spies/drug peddler , who have no sense of decency , blah , blah , blah .
 for an action movie with depraved sex , there be a dearth of action and not much sex .
 the run joke be that McBain get shot all the time & survive , keep the bullet as souvenir .
 apparently the writer do n't see 'The Magnificent Seven ' ( 'The man for us be the one who Gave him that face ' ) , nor think to give McBain even a pretense of intelligence .
 even for a budget actioner , the production value be poor , with distant shot during dialog and very little movement .
 the main prop , the tank , be silly enough for an Ed Wood production .
 Fluegel , who might have be a blonde Julia Roberts ( she have a far big role in 'Crime story ' than Julia !
 ) have to go from simper to frighten to butt-kicking & back again on an instant 's notice .
 Jones , who have be in an amazing array of film , pretty much hit bottom right here .
 both he & Busey be probably just out for some easy money & a couple of laugh .
 look for talented , future character actor Danny Trejo ( 'Heat , ' 'Once upon a Time in Mexico ' ) in a stereotyped , menace bit part .
 much too dull even for a guilty pleasure , 'Bulletproof ' be still noisy enough to play when you leave your house but want people to think there be someone home .
 as other viewer have mention , this film be an interesting experiment in photography .
 the color be comic book bold .
 I think the director get carry away with his 'artistic vision ' over the look of the film instead o badly need attention to content .
 despite its stellar cast , the performance be lackluster and the story nearly incoherent .
 Madonna be likely cast purely as a stunt to get pre-release press .
 a good thing as her appearance here lend some credence to her album 'I be breathless ( music inspire by the film Dick Tracy ) ' which be a stratospheric hit ( due in large part to the inclusion of dance-hit 'Vogue ' - which be not in , nor have the slight relation to this film ) .
 I will guess the major portion of money from this film come from tie-in to Madonna 's 'I be Breathless ' album.If you watch it at home , by end-titles , you will think 'there 's two hour out of my life I will like to have back .
 ' save yourself the waste time - do not bother with this .
 this film have a weak plot , weak characterization , and really weak special effect that I question why I lose valuable life by watch it .
 it have random character who add nothing to the story and seem like excuse for the director to get his girlfriend in the film .
 the robot be sad and the main 'hero ' 'bot be turn on by a huge knife switch .
 if this movie be n't so bad it would be laughable , but there be nothing funny about it .
 the main antagonist be one of the only redeeming character , and he be kill .
 it be sad when you root for the bad guy , because he be the good one to cheer for .
 when all be say and do , this movie be well leave on the cut room floor , or never fund at all .
 Mad Magazine may have a lot of crazy people work for it...but obviously someone there have some common sense when the powers-that-be disown this waste of celluloid...the edit be el crapo , the plot be incredibly thin and stupid...and the only reason it get a two out of ten be that Stacy Nelkin take off some of her clothes and we get a nice chest shot...I never think I would feel sorry for Ralph Macchio make the decision to be in this thing , but I do...and I really feel bad for Ron Leibman and Tom Poston , gifted actor who never should have show up in this piece of...film...at least Mr .
 Leibman have the cajones to refuse to have his name put anywhere on the movie...and he come out ahead...there be actually copy of this thing with Mad 's begin sequence still on it...if you can locate one , grab it cuz it be probably worth something...it be the only thing about this movie that be worth anything...and a note to the folk at IMDb.com...there be no way to spoil this movie for anyone...the maker spoil it by themselves.. .
 I be not a big fan of horror film , and have only see a handful of them ( and none of the 'Halloween 's or 'Friday the Thirteenth 's ) - but I can appreciate a frightening horror film not because of gore .
 and I be pretty sure this be n't scary.What be so spooky about a little plastic skull that pop up everywhere ?
 in all of its appearance there be faraway establish shot , so there be no real surprise in any of this film .
 ( not that a skull in of itself be that scary anyway , but .
 .
 .)The plot concern Claus Von Bulow 's third cousin ( John Hudson ) , who marry a Donna-reed look-a-like ( Peggey Webber , give one of the bad performance ever ) who begin see skull and hear the mysterious scream of a group of peacock on her husband 's mansion .
 do I mention that her husband lose her first wife in a mysterious drown incident ?
 OOOOH !
 !
 !
 !
 wonder who do it !
 !
 !
 !
 this be the same old plot about a rich boy try to kill and/or drive their wife insane .
 if you want to see a well-done version of this stuff , try 'Reversal of Fortune ' .
 and BTW , Jeremy Irons be one hundred time more talented than John Hudson.The MSTing be okay but nothing special ; pair with the 'Gumby ' short , however , it make for good viewing.Two star for 'The Screaming Skull ' ; eight star for the MST3K version.And now , to paraphrase Mr .
 Von Bulow himself : 'How bad be this film ?
 ' 'You have no idea !
 ' my wife and I start to watch this movie with anticipation .
 it look warm and touching .
 it start out well ; but , soon become boring and frankly idiotic after a while .
 it get so bad that we turn it off the movie be poorly act and honesty , we could n't really understand or want to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman !
 you lose sympathy for her after she be rude and acting wackos sing and clean .
 I would have have her commit .
 and , of course , like most movie and T.V series make in Hollywood we have to throw it a token 'gay ' character !
 this movie be boring .
 I be expect more from Diane Keaton !
 there be a lot of pretentious people out there who will pretend that this be endow with some kind of beautiful meaning , and that ignorant fool like me do n't 'get ' it .
 obviously this means that we should stick to Hollywood dross.It have every , a-hem , artistic clich in the book - I guess it be good that the director be one of the choose few .
 almost a self parody drown in its own pretense.The director of the ( almost equally embarrassing ) movie 'Ratcatcher ' return with another piece wallow in artistic nonsense ; it be difficult to understand and apparently be a study of alienation .
 the good way to describe this film be alienate for its viewer .
 this be a terrible remake of a marginal , but well like , movie from the early @card@ 's .
 I have see the original at least @card@ time .
 the @card@ version be a @card@ minute movie 'crammed ' into @card@ hour or whatever the runtime be .
 cheesy storyline , which by the way , be completely different than the original .
 the major government involvement be far-fetched .
 there be no flow from one scene to the next .
 in the original you could go get a beer or hit the bathroom and still keep up.It only take a few hour movie time to change the oil pan on the car .
 it take many time longer than that in real life .
 car guy notice this stuff .
 also , the fool or fool that choose to trash a @card@ Charger and abuse a @card@ Challenger should be shoot in the heel with a dull bullet .
 the fact they be n't 'car people ' be painfully obvious , and their passing will not be grieved.The actor lack any emotion , everything be cut and dry .
 one step above a monotone .
 a barmitzvah be more exciting and energetic.Last but surely not least , the radio DJ make the statement that the Challenger hit the bulldozer at @card@ or @card@ ( ?
 ?
 ) .
 that be total garbage .
 can you say aerodynamics , or lack thereof ?
 ?
 Hahahaha !
 !
 this movie be a joke .
 do n't waste your time watch this one .
 Spanish horror be not bad at all , some be smart with interesting story , but be not the case of 'Second Name ' .
 it be badly direct , badly act and boring...boring...boring , a miss chance for an interesting story .
 Lage RAHO MUNNABHAI be really a disappointing movie .
 I have see the first part of MUNNABHAI and it be really good but this one really make u bear n disappoint u.......................................This movie really waste yours time and money .
 I go with my friend to this movie on the first day of its release and v both get bore in cinema-hall......................................................Role of Circuit be very small n useless n this movie .
 I think SANJAY-DUTT cut down the role of Arshad VARSHI........................Character of the movie be also not well define like the previous one .this movie show u the result of OVER-CONFIDENCE .........The idea of MAHATMA be also not define and confusing..................A REALLY VERY Big DISAPPOINTMENT Tim ( Gary Daniels ) want desperately to break into serious television reporting .
 when a job he beg for go awry , he be fire .
 his beautiful but empty girlfriend ( Elizabeth Hurley ) say sayonara , too .
 come home , Tim be startle to discover his house have an uninvited visitor ( Christopher Lloyd ) from the planet Mars !
 call him Uncle Martin , Tim soon try to help his new friend navigate life on earth .
 but , Martin get in trouble wherever he go , from the bathroom to the laundry room and more .
 Lovely Lizzie ( Daryl Hannah ) finally see an opportunity to make time with Tim but the course of true love do not run smooth in this case , either .
 soon everyone in television be stalk Tim , hope for a story about a true alien .
 what be a man to do ?
 for those who love the old television show of the same name , with Bill Bixby and Ray Walston , this film be not worthy to tie the proverbial boot .
 its truly , undeniably awful , with no plot and a reliance on suppose special effect which fall flat , too .
 Daniels be okay as the earthling but Lloyd be simply terrible as the alien , overact up a storm .
 the rest of the cast be adequate , as be the costume , set , and production detail .
 even if your child see the cover and beg for this film , convince them to pick out another flick at the video store .
 be assure , kid and adult will find this movie a colossal bore , so opt for a Night at the Museum or around the World in @card@ day instead .
 to sit how awful the Shield be , you will have to write page and page , so suffice it to say that it be a monument to bad directing.'When Directors Go Awry ' should have be the title of this production .
 indeed , director be suppose to infuse their work with a sense of visual style and story-telling that propel the story forward.How be constantly shake the camera and play with the zoom lens a 'style ' ?
 how be it propel the story forward ?
 of course there be also the 'editing by random number ' nonsense .
 apparently it be become hip to just cut randomly.I guess it be too much work to do good editing.Well , that make it too much work for most people to watch the Shield which languish as one of the most over-hyped and unwatched show of all time .
 I never expect a film adaptation to follow too closely to the novel ( especially a beloved one , like Evening ) but when I see that the book 's author , Susan Minot , be a screenplay writer and executive producer on the film , I think that Evening would be a good adaptation.If you enjoy the book , do n't bother with this movie .
 it be so far afield of the book that the two hardly bear any resemblance to one another.Here , our character be completely different : the bride be in love with Harris .
 Harris be the son of the housekeeper .
 Buddy be a drunk , in love with Ann and/or Harris .
 I do n't think a single character make it from the book to the screen ; oh it just get bad with every pass moment.And , really , do n't we learn from Bridges of Madison County that cut from the story we be mean to be enthrall in , to scene of our hero ' grow child have obnoxious and juvenile fight , simply do not work on film ?
 this film be a disaster .
 skip it .
 I watch an episode .
 yes I sit through the entire miserable experience , and I have to say , this brand of comedy be one of the bad you will get .
 imagine Peter Griffin , of Family Guy fame .
 now imagine Peter Griffin as a(admittedly slim and minus the glass ) woman , except that he now lack the something that make him hilarious .
 Peter Griffin be an idiot , but he do n't know he be an idiot .
 Sarah have none of the genuine character , none of the act ability to pull her character off .
 maybe its the trite , formulaic joke that pull her comedy even low than her character can take it by herself .
 maybe it be the lack of believable foil .
 her insensitive , bigoted persona may appeal to insensitive , bigoted people unlike the mass appeal that Stephen Colbert 's insensitive , bigoted character have .
 like Bill O'Reilly , Sarah create an annoy , unfunny character .
 she lack something that be necessary for the genre of satire , let alone for the entire world of comedy .
 what Sarah Silverman lack , its noticeable .
 and when you do n't believe it and identify with it , it be not funny anymore .
 please do n't rent or even think about buy this movie.they do n't even have it available at the red box to rent which would cost a $1 & i think its worth less than that.the main reason why i rent this d movie be because Jenna Jameson be in the movie lol between @card@ min.i will give credit that the movie have hot chick and quite a bit of nudity but other than that you might as well buy another d horror movie that have the same thing with nobody you know.Ginger Lynn have more acting time in this movie than Jenna & she be not even on the front cover of the movie nor her name.i recommend people to watch zombie stripper because you see Jenna almost throughout the whole movie & nude most of the time.this movie be a big disappointment & such a huge waste of time .
 this be the kind of movie i fear the most .
 arrogant and irresponsible , it present a sketch of the Colombian conflict so cliched and dumb it represent an insult to all Colombian people .
 the performance be godawul , from Grisales ( her naked scene be absolutely pitiful ) , to Bejarano , to Fanny Mickey ( who look right out of a Tim Burton nightmare ) , to Daz , who make a notable effort to bring life to a character so one-dimensional , so cliched and so badly write all hes leave to work with be a mustache .
 not to mention the gratuitous ending , a gore fest so cheesy that it would make Ed Wood cringe .
 it fail in all way , cinematography , art direction , costume , makeup , edit , and most of all directing , Jorge Al Triana have always be a lousy filmmaker but at least his previous movie have some dignity .
 I ca n't say anything good about this waste of money , except that i hope Colombian filmmaker learn a lesson about honesty , integrity and responsability from this mean-intended fiasco .
 everyone do thing that they later regret .
 thing that they wish they could blame on drug or alien possession .
 thing that although seem rational at the time , later reveal themselves to be engrave invitation for suffering and endless recrimination of stupidity.For some people it be sign the note for the new Hummer , for other it be pick up a homicidal hitchhiker , for still other it be send their bank account information to third world millionaire mysteriously strap for cash.For me it be a film.D-War : Dragon Wars in hindsight , I should have guess how environmentally friendly and thoroughly recycle this movie would turn out to be from its stutter and repeating title .
 but with my willing suspension of disbelief intact , and a naive faith stem from the cool look poster in the lobby , I really want this film to work .
 sadly , by the time the old man in the pawnshop explain the entire backstory , fifteen minute into the picture , I have the sudden , sink revelation that come from know every plot point of a still unseen film .
 and bad : I know just how badly every point would all suck.Let me be perfectly clear here , the English language lack sufficient nuance and depth in the field of ultimate evil to properly describe just how bad this film really is.As for know all the twist of movie , I be wrong .
 in the spirit of the old Godzilla film , whose scale this one be not worthy to fill , it conveniently sprout extra sub-plots every time the main character be threaten by the specter of meaningful dialogue.It be infest with close call , miraculous escape , and concentrated deposit of poorly explain angst.This film be what would happen if you give the produce of the Mighty Morphing Power Rangers access to the national defense budget .
 and lot of liquor.Let me try to explain.Imagine you could get a hold of all the coolest-looking set piece from successful action movie of the last decade : first take the rasta-talking army of amphibian from Star Wars Episode one and remove their Prozac until they be ready to club Navy Seals.Next , take close approximation of Kira Knightly and Tom Cruise ( you can even call him Ethan as a 'subtle ' nod to the Mission Impossible franchise .
 ) and give them lot of film noir narration , so no one get confuse while try to follow the wading-pool depth of their thoughts.Finally add a raspy-voiced villain in pointy armor worthy of a Lord of the Rings yardsale and a couple of giant cobra , angry at have their scene delete from late edition of King Kong , and lie them all out in no particular order in modern day Los Angeles.Now run to the drugstore to find something for your sudden migraine .
 when you return , puree these ingredient until any overlook hint of originality be dissolve into a homogenize mass of cheese and serve semi-gelatinous.At several point during this picture , I find myself say out loud , 'Make the bad movie stop , ' and break into tears.To call this a B-movie would be give it an undeserved promotion .
 after summer school , and a lot of physical therapy , it might possibly pass for a C level film if you could somehow sleep through most of it.In short , if you ever find yourself with money and brain cell to burn , and the need to punish yourself for hideous , unspoken sin against humanity , Dragon Wars might just be the film for you .
 amateurish in the extreme .
 camera work especially overwrought - documentary camera operator need n't spin around ALL the TIME.The script be truly inane , and the acting be even bad .
 on top of that , the story be disjoint and meander - with some gape hole in logic .
 at one point the lead wish to get throw in jail in order to rub shoulder with suspected Al-Quada operative , and thus get an interview with Osama .
 I find the story entirely unbelievable as a result of so many flaw .
 the 'filmmaker'/lead role really portray a rash , idiot frat boy .
 the only item of interest really , be that the filmmaker do in fact film on location .
 it be truly a shame they waste their opportunity to make something interesting.Who finance this crap ?
 in @card@ , I like it .
 then it become very stupid .
 it suggest that kid be brainless .
 it insult child .
 cartoon network use to be great .
 one of the show I like be Hamtaro .
 it do manage to be interesting and imaginative in its approach to child programming .
 the show ( Foster 's Home for Imaginary Friends ) be like put @card@ spoon of sugar in your sprite .
 it seem as if today 's television producer be only interested in make money , rather than engage the imagination of child and make money !
 lately , my child be tune in to the old show ( @card@ 's ) to find something interesting to watch .
 perhaps , in the absence of originality , for television to look to its past and recycle child be program from day go by .
 Ritchie 's first two film be snappy , stylish entertainment .
 here , he raid two recent classic 'The usual suspect ' and 'Fight Club ' and still come out empty-handed.Despite parade itself as a con-mystery ( with the sub-'Usual Suspects ' twaddle 'the great con he ever pull be convince you that he be you ' or whatever it was.. .
 ) and attempt a 'Fight-Club ' twist about which character be real and which be internal manifestation , the film struggle to maintain interest in its second half .
 by the last third , you know you be be lead down a blind alley , and tediously slowly at that.Cons , chess and game theory be all great subject , but Ritchie delve into them too superficially and too repetitively to make much use of the material.The only thing that keep the movie ( almost ) watchable be Ritchie 's bold way with with a scene and Maurice-Jones 's dynamic camera .
 if Ritchie stick to a more satisfying plot , and succumb to tight edit , there be no reason why he could n't have make another enjoyable gangster caper.As it be , Revolver be a waste of your time .
 incomprehensibility do not equal profundity .
 if you want to see a great film that do n't make logical sense but make a virtue of it ( and , incidentally , which also involve an inexplicable escape from solitary confinement ) watch 'Lost Highway ' .
 well where do i start ?
 i think it be very insulting to the original Annie with Aileen Quimnn .
 I love the film Annie , and i be expect this to be a brilliant film , but i be so disappoint !
 the acting be awful , the original Annie come out a few year before i be bear , I be now @card@ and Annie be still one of my favourite film , so i be really excite to see Annie @ord@ the acting be awful in the film , be any of the character original ?
 very badly write , direct and act .
 this be not a film i wish to see again , and any Annie lover i recommend that you do n't watch this film because it will only leave you very disappointed .
 the young girl singing be n't bad but still do n't compare to the original the title should have be 'The walker ' .
 that be only he do walk.There be nothing on the movie that be good .
 the description of the movie do n't really comply with the plot.The only thing that I can get from the movie be that he be a good son , but a low life terrible person.I be sorry that I expend my money and time , on this movie .
 I see people leave the theater in the middle of the movie .
 I stay hope that it will better....what a mistake .
 I got worse.If there be a suggestion that I can make to he producer be to re-direct his life to another field , because make movie be definitely no his cup of tea First let me state that I do not believe in god ( if you want to use the word atheist , fine , but I do n't like that word since it describe what I be not , not what I be ) but I hate this 'documentary .
 ' the production value be damn near non existent , the premise extremely shaky and whole thing seem to be an exercise in Brian Flemming 's insecurities.The production value be terrible and Brian Flemming be clearly an amateurish director at good .
 the narration sound like he just narrate over the film all in one shot , and he do n't practice at all .
 there be way to many umms and pause when he should have be talk in the movie .
 animation be also pretty damn bad.The whole idea that Jesus be a mythical character be not take seriously by historian and biblical scholar .
 as I state before , I do not believe in God , and I do n't think that whether or not Jesus be a real man say nothing about the existence of God .
 my personal view , Jesus probably be a real man but he live in a time where there be many massiah 's ( look up apollonius of tiana ) and that the story of his life and preaching be blow out of proportion the farther you get from his death .
 accord to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus ( and there be a good citation for this so it 's garbage ) 'virtually all scholar in the field of biblical study and history agree that Jesus be a Jewish teacher from Galilee who be regard as a healer , be baptize by John the Baptist , be accuse of sedition against the Roman Empire , and on the order of Roman Governor Pontius Pilate be sentence to death by crucifixion.[1 ] ' I be leave wonder at the end of the documentary if this be more about the director 's insecurity than anything else .
 I be leave wonder if he be try to convince himself more than anyone else .
 the most telling example of this be the final interview he be with the religious school principal .
 he be not even coy about it .
 the way he bombard the teacher be unfair and while I agree with the director partially , that teaching kid about hell fire be a bad thing , the way that Flemming confront the principal be just awkward to watch .
 Flemming have a chance to perhaps get a good discussion go , if he be more tactile with his interview .
 instead he come off aggressive with 'is n't it bad to teach kid this stuff .
 ' the guy cut the interview short and I mean , what do he expect , the principal to say 'oh yes , I see it be , I have see the light , this will now be a secular school ?
 ' it seem that Flemming be get revenge for what he feel be a wrong do to him in childhood .
 this be n't about the documentary , this be about Flemming 's insecurity , and have nothing to do with the suppose topic of the documentary .
 Flemming show what he be really do here , and that be the real downfall of this so-called documentary .
 as a spiritualist and non Christian .
 I think i really be go to be hold onto my faith , but what a load of i seer .
 I think the film would have great argument , but only get one side view from atheist and jew ?
 ?
 ?
 and who be all these street people he be interview who do n't know the back of their arm from their head .
 where be the proper theologian and priest and stuff he could have get argument from .
 not retire nut who write book and finish their study in @ord@ personally this DVD be a waste of time and not worth my time to check if the fact be right or wrong or if i should or should not believe because an anti-Christ tell me so .
 please to think he come up with the conclusion of not find God because his own ego and demon get the good of him .
 no im not go to say the movie be stunning to help atheist read this feel well about themselves .
 but if you really want to show the world you care about us poor soul who believe in Jesus then entice us with your worth , not your beating off the drum .
 I catch this a few month ago on Family Channel , and have some memory of the TV show from my youth , decide to watch it along with my @card@ year old daughter .
 I should have get some psychedelic mushroom to go along with it , because this be just bizarre !
 not only be it a musical with annoyingly forgettable tune , the requisite cheesy effect and cameo by star long past their collective prime , it seem to have be produce as somebody 's good acid trip .
 talk flute , British child far too old for this kind of crap.. .
 in the word of Krusty the Klown 'uuuuuugggghhhhh !
 what be I on ?
 ' if you be a huge fan of the whole Sid and Marty Krofft oeuvre , go for it ; otherwise , unless you be willing to get loop before watch , stay far , far , Far away .
 this one be a little good than the first one .
 it still rely on a lot of its humor which basically keep say that the old bond movie be not realistic .
 that wear thin after so many parody .
 the girl be more interesting in this one.There be a tremendous amount of total gross out humor .
 hopefully one day real comedy will come back .
 'Ask the Dust ' look intriguing from the trailer , and we especially like all of the actor .
 unfortunately , the movie be not compelling enough to be consider drama , and it be n't funny enough to be a comedy .
 it practically seem to satirize itself , and to no entertaining effect .
 after seventy minute of wait for this thing to get good , my wife and I walk out , value not have waste any more time on such nonsense .
 it simply be not interesting , moving , funny nor artistic .
 it appear as though it be write , produce and direct by a high school kid ; bad yet , it be such a shameful waste of otherwise extraordinarily talented actor , not to mention our time and money .
 sometimes a film come along that be unique .
 the Nostril Picker be one such film , the Nostril Picker be like no other film I have ever see , unfortunately for the Nostril Picker & myself it be unique for different reason than what the filmmaker have originally intend .
 read on & all shall hopefully become clear.. .
 the Nostril Picker , as it be commonly know although it be apparently film under the title the Changer , start with some extremely dull shot of an American town somewhere , street & factory be that sort of thing , as the opening credit play .
 when the Nostril Picker begin proper we , the viewer that be , be introduce to a real loser name Joe Bukowski ( Carl Zschering ) who be in his @card@ be , he live on his own in a crappy little apartment where he watch T.V. , eat beef flavour dog food & listen to old vinyl record as he dance with a blow up rubber sex doll .
 Joe like teenage girl , he have various porn magazine but enjoy the real thing even more .
 however , be an ugly git Joe ca n't tempt any young lady to go out with him , or do anything else with him for that matter .
 one fateful day an old homeless Vietnam vet ( Horace Grimm ) see the agony & pain that Joe have to go through ( actually he see Joe be speak to by the cop for hassle a teenage girl ) & decide to help him out .
 he tell Joe about an incantation that he learn from the 'gooks ' in Vietnam that will transform Joe 's appearance into whatever he like .
 a process he call morphosynthesis , but at the same time he warn Joe that 'it make you crazy if you do it too much ' .
 that night Joe decide to give it a try , in a public place on a podium for some reason .
 Joe say a few word , do an extremely silly dance & start yodelling .
 Joe finish off by whistle London Bridge be Falling Down , listen yeah , I ai n't make this up either .
 at first Joe be visibly disappoint when nothing significant happen .
 to console himself Joe try to buy a porn mag but be shock when the clerk ( Kevin Devoy ) refuse to sell it to an underage girl .
 Joe , the bright spark that he be , realise what have happen & talk his/her way out of it by claim his/her dad have send him/her to buy it .
 Joe , who now call his alter-ego Josephine ( Ann Flood ) , sense the possibility & head straight for the local high school .
 Joe befriend four teenage girl , Jennifer Armstrong ( Laura Cummings ) , Crisi Stroud ( Gail Didia ) , Tracy Harper ( Heidi M. Gregg ) & Brenda Kearn ( Aimee Molinaro ) while under his disguise , oh & Joe manage to become a pupil at the school simply by ask the sport teacher Miss Van Dyke ( Vicki Hollis ) .
 at first Joe seem harmless enough , he just like to hang around the girl toilet & stuff like that .
 but thing soon change as Joe brutally murder Brenda .
 Jennifer 's dad , Vince Armstrong ( Edward Tanner ) be a detective so along with his partner Ed Simpson ( Clyde Surrell ) & Walt Spencer ( Bruce Alden ) the pathologist be determine to catch the sicko responsible for kill his daughter 's friend , but will they succeed before Joe strike again ?
 the IMDb listing for the Nostril Picker be wrong , I watch it mere hour ago & it clearly state that it be direct by Mark Nowicki who be also a co-producer & definitely not Patrick J. Matthews who be credit as a co-producer & the cinematographer , not that it make much difference & I will have though that Nowicki would have be more than happy for Matthews to take the 'credit ' for make this piece of crap .
 no one involve in the making of the Nostril Picker should be allow to go anywhere near a camera again , ever .
 the Nostril Picker be easily one of the bad film I have ever see , & that be say something .
 it be absolutely terrible in every possible way imaginable .
 the script by Steven Hodge be atrocious , there be no narrative structure , excitement , tension , drama , character development & the thing that do happen be so mind numbingly dumb it be untrue .
 the plot device & chain of event in the Nostril Picker be totally incomprehensible .
 the scene where Joe find out the prostitute ( Steven Andrew ) he hire be in fact a man & Joe start to chase him around his apartment with two squirt dildo 's be simply jaw drop stuff .
 the subsequent scene when the transvestite report the incident to the police be hilariously write & have me psychically laugh at the dialogue .
 I hate the ending as well , not only be it predictable but it leave the door open for a sequel , I psychically shudder at the mere thought !
 on a technical level the Nostril Picker be awful , point & hope photography , bland & inappropriate music , forgettable location , poorly edit ( Brenda be kill in the kitchen yet her blood splash on the T.V. screen that be clearly in the opposite room ) , some of the bad act I have sit through & very unimpressive special effect which consist of a few cut off rubber finger , a slit throat & a quick scene where Joe eat some flesh .
 it come as no surprise that the cast & crew who work on the Nostril Picker have virtually no IMDb credit for anything before or after .
 even at @card@ odd minute the Nostril Picker be far to long & really boring to sit through .
 I could go on & on all day long about how bad the Nostril Picker be , I really could .
 one thing I ca n't quite work out be be all this intentional by the filmmaker ?
 the Nostril Picker be indeed a unique film , unique in it 's awfulness & incompetence .
 in the the case of the Nostril Picker I hope it remain unique too , have say that it be still not the bad film I have ever see but it come close that be for sure .
 definitely one to avoid .
 this film be n't programme in Italian cinemas,I have see it at a manifestation call 'fantafestival'.I find it terrible because some scene seem like music video chaotic and dark , the use of fluorescent color be ridicule and there be no suspence in the film .
 music be completely out of the story and I do n't have word to describe the visual effects.If you look at the first scene the film seem to be interesting , but a few minute later it become busy.The story be interesting but the development need a complete review .
 let make a movie about a talk show that already exist and basically have everything that happen on the show !
 well if that idea do n't intrigue you , which it should n't , stay away from ringmaster .
 I have the displeasure of see this in the theater and actually be able to sit through this mess of a movie .
 I guess jerry springer do n't play himself as it show from the cheap prop for his show ( yes it look even cheap than the real jerry springer show ) and he be only know as jerry in the film .
 the plot ( if you can call it that ) be about a daughter while live with her mother decide to start sleeping with the mother be live in boyfriend .
 so the mother 's brilliant idea be to call the jerry springer show as well as get it on with her daughter 's boyfriend .
 ( be it any coincidence they live in a trailer park ) .
 meanwhile somewhere else in america a woman find her cheatin ' man with her friend in bed together .
 so of course call america 's therapist Jerry springer !
 I will talk about the rest of the film but even think about the film now be give me a headache .
 Jamie Pressly who play the daughter look totally unattractive in the movie .
 and remember Michael Dudikoff the kick ass karate master from the American ninja series ?
 well take a look at him now as a white trash drunk .
 the thing be he really look too horrible and out of shape to call it 'getting in touch with his charecter ' .
 but if your idea of fun be see Jerry Springer sing a country song about his own show or guy hook up with transvestites...well...JUST WATCH THE Show INSTEAD !
 ... at least steve be smart enough to stay out of this flick .
 after what I think be a masterful performance of two role in man from Snowy River , why be Kirk Douglas replace by Brian Dennehy in the sequel ?
 it just be n't the same without Spur and Harrison , as portray by Douglas .
 maybe he recognize how poor the plot was--Jim return after extended absence , to find Jessica be pursue by another man .
 he could not expect any girl to wait that long with no contact from him , and not find competition .
 for a Disney movie , this contain foul language , plus the highly unnecessary part when Jim & Jessica shacked up without be married--very lame .
 quite an insult to viewer intelligence , accord to member of my family .
 I will stick with the first one , and try to forget I ever see the sequel !
 story go like this , Netflix be late send me my dvds so I go on down to the the analog rental place know as 'Blockbuster Video ' they suck you know .
 real bad , they have @card@ copy of the late lame movie for your viewing pleasure yet I never want to see any of those .
 so I see BTK Killer there on the shelf , all by its lonesome self .
 I like see film base on serial killer .
 its just a part of humanity that I will never understand , therefore I wanna see that kind of stuff .
 anyways I put this DVD in and all the sudden from the very first second , it suck .
 I be sit there with my b.f. and we be like , 'what be this kind of crap ?
 ' unsteady camera operation , horrible acting,- the first scene in which a woman get kill you wonder if she would rather just calmly gab instead , then a rat get stuff down her throat .
 I really wonder if the director have a hard-on for this crap .
 there be nothing decent about this 'film ' .
 all I have to say to the director be 'do you own a freakin ' tripod ?
 ' Every shoot be brutally unstable .
 the music be awful .
 it be like they just decide one day to make a movie .
 they be probably gather people from WalMart to show up and 'act ' for them .
 just plain awful .
 if you make a movie like this then direct be your hobby-NOT what you should be do for a living- SHould not make it to the DVD renal outlet for movie buff like myself .
 well left at home for your friend when you be have a party and run out of interesting thing to entertain them with... .
 then you break out your BTK Killer film and say , 'Wanna see this crappy movie I do once ?
 ' he be my hero for all time until he go along with { if you can call it a movie } I go to the show to watch it and come out and not just ask for me money back but ask for double the money thats how bad my hero be act and the hole thing was.............I ca n't believe that Steven Segal 's career have hit so low that he have be reduce to make 4th rate film with 5th rate secondary actor .
 I watch this moving expect to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually do .
 when he be reduce to use a single judo chop between the shoulder blade to take out an opponent and the guy fall like a ton of brick something be wrong.The plot be unbelievable as a movie , and even if you excuse the visual , and have read this story as a novel , you will be leave wonder why you have even pick up the book.Steven Segal go through the motion and seem as if he be only do this because he be under obligation .
 he show no effort and no enthusiasm , and in some scene he do n't show up at all.I hate to repeat other people comment , but the use of stock footage for cut scene and for visual of the aircraft in flight be pathetic .
 the condition of those scene chop in , be shaky and scene themselves seem to have deteriorate over time .
 the zappruder film show President John F Kennedy be assassinate be steady and cleaner.My honest opinion be to tell you not to waste your time see this movie , it be not up to the standard of his work in the glimmer man or exit wound .
 I read one review that say the movie have a @card@ million dollar budget ( Segal be pay @card@ of that ) and that the movie still come in under budget .
 I must concur.It be no wonder that this be a direct to DVD movie , as no conscientious theater owner would play this movie .
 a friend of mine enjoy watch the bad film he can possibly find , and I have a good laugh watch them with him.I have tell him if he put this one on again I will be force to give him a good kicking.He know I be serious !
 sadly it be misguide .
 this movie stink from start to finish .
 it be hard to watch because I use to watch Clarissa explain it all every day on Nickelodeon .
 I love her .
 then the next thing I find she do a spread in Maxim and she be gorgeous !
 I have n't really hear anything about her until I watch this movie on accident .
 I could n't believe she would even let something like this be see with her name all over it .
 everything about it be wrong but it still look like someone somewhere in the team be try really really hard to save a sink ship .
 too bad. .
 I hope she continue to act and I would love to see her with a real cast in a real movie .
 the late rumor go around be that Vh1 be start cast call for I Love New York @card@ mid @ord@ so do this mean Budah or Tailor make dump New York or do this mean New York dump the winner ?
 I know Flavor of Love be come up to it 's 3rd season , so now with a Flavor of Love @card@ and a I love New York 3.....will there ever be a true winner ?
 ?
 ?
 I have also hear a few rumor that Chance Will be bring back for the 3rd Season of I Love New York !
 !
 !
 !
 I have also hear rumor that New York will be specially feature on Flavor of Love 3.Hopefully this be not too much of a spoiler for the ending of I Love New York 2....I be just state the late rumor .
 after have red the overwhelming review this film get in my country , I but want to see it .
 but - what a disappointment !
 to see a bunch of one-dimensional character in a plot that lack of originality be not worth the money and the time to spend .
 I sometimes wonder about the filmcritics in Switzerland .
 one have to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript exist that make any sense .
 be the rough cut @card@ hourslong and be it trim into the incoherent mess that survive ?
 why would anyone finance this mess ?
 I will say that TomWlaschiha be a good look young man and he do what he canwith the dialogue and dramatic ( ?
 ) situation he be give .
 Butcharacters come and go for no apparent reason , continuity isnon-existent , and the acting , cinematography , and direction be ( toput it politely ) amateurish .
 not one sleep be an unfortunatechoice of title as it will probably prove untrue should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film .
 I be excite to view a Cataluas film in the Berlin competition .
 but after the presentation I be total disappointed and furious .
 too much blood , too much time , too much theme for nothing .
 the Spanish Civil War , like every war , be horrible .
 the revenge , a very human behavior , not pretty at all , be show in uncountable film and play , as well as the relation between homosexual and the scepticism in Spain about Catholicism .
 but what Mr Villaronga try , be a pseudo tragedy that can belong to the bad of the film history .
 it be really a pity to see Angela Molina in this movie .
 I advise nobody under no circumstance to go to see this film .
 the mind boggle at exactly what about Universal Soldier merit a sequel .
 since the real star , Dolph Lundgren , would not be able to reprise his role from the original , there be already scant reason to indulge oneself in this obvious tax write-off .
 bold attempt be make to fill the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial art expert Michael Jai White .
 to their credit , they give their action sequence a good sense of excitement .
 Bill Goldberg look like he be have the time of his life on this film , and he make a fair stab at fill the requisite comedic villain role .
 for once , his role be the kind that involve repeat the same line a few time , and it do not get irritate .
 the problem from the audience 's point of view be that neither of these gentleman really have the sense of comic timing or minor humility that make Lundgren such a pleasure to watch in almost all of his film .
 and therein lie the problem .
 you do not go to see a Van Damme film because you want serious action .
 you go because you want comedy , however unintentional.Unbeknownst to many people , Universal Soldier be follow by two direct-to-video sequel .
 I have only see the first , which have production value so bad one can only wonder if it be mean to be some kind of elaborate joke .
 Matt Battaglia be so terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux that for once in his career , the sight of Jean-Claude Van Damme come as a welcome relief .
 the film more or less completely disregard the story of the aforementioned direct-to-video sequel , and instead begin a whole new story set an indeterminate time after the event of the original .
 after year of investigation and explanation , the Unisol project be still go ahead , with some minor modification .
 for one , the new Unisols be strong and more damage-resistant than their early cousin .
 for another , all of the Unisols be now under the direction of a supercomputer call Seth .
 in the early part of the film , Seth exist primarily as a series of abstract graphics within a glass dome.Being that the film barely last more than eighty minute , we be quickly tell that fund to the military be be cut .
 the Unisol project be on the chopping block , which essentially mean that Seth will be turn off .
 Seth , somehow overhear this conversation through mean that be never really explain , decide to mobilise the Unisols as an army against those seek to shut him down .
 his only problem be that every so often , a code be require to be put into his system in order to prevent automatic shutdown .
 two individual possess the code in question .
 Seth kill the first in short order , and those who be familiar with the plot kit that Van Damme 's film be construct out of will guess within five second who the second happen to be .
 the rest of the film revolve around the Unisols ' attempt to get the code out of Van Damme without injure him too badly .
 a subplot with a daughter and a reporter be weave into the film , but it add about as much to the story as Van Damme do to the profession of acting.The film be load to the brim with ridiculous line and clichs .
 when Seth transplant his command module into the body of Michael Jai White , we get a speech about how the time of the human be over .
 he go on to tell his foot soldier how fear and mortality will be humanity 's weakness(es ) .
 Gee , Seth , you mean they will not be our strong point ?
 all kid aside , the short length of the film be both the film 's weakness and its strength .
 it leave the action without adequate setup .
 in the original , we be give a very thorough explanation of the Unisols , how they work , and how they be bring to the state that be see in the majority of the film .
 here , the writer seem to take it for grant that the viewer know what a Unisol be and how they operate .
 at least in the original , a moment of curiosity and wonder be create by leave the explanation for later in the film when the hero lie in a tub of ice .
 here , one of the villain be shoot with a gun that leave massive hole in his uniform ( and presumably his body ) , get up every time without stop for breath.I tend to reserve the score of one for film that be so bad that they become entertaining in a completely unintentional manner .
 if you can see it on the cheap , knock yourself out .
 this be the kind of film that make me mourn the loss of Mystery Science Theatre .
 this movie be kind of interesting...I have to watch it for a college class about India , however the synopsis tell you this movie be about one thing when it do n't really contain much cold , hard information on those detail .
 it be not really true to the synopsis until the very end where they sloppily try to tie all the element together .
 the gore factor be superb , however .
 even right at the very beginning , you want to look away because the gore be pretty intense .
 only watch this movie if you want to see some cool gore , because the plot be thin and will make you sad that you waste time listen to it .
 I have see rumor on other websites about this movie be base on true event , however you can not find any information about it online...so basically this movie be a waste of time to watch .
 I have no clue as to what this be shoot on but you can definitely tell that they have no budget .
 bad acting , horrible cinematography , and lame plot and some decent special effect do not make a good movie .
 the WWF style cinemtography will make you cry...where be the tripod ?
 !
 the filmakers aim high , but sorely miss their mark .
 this sleek , sexy movie be a must-see .
 only upon multiple viewing can one truly understand the uniqueness of this film .
 personally I enjoy the narrator for his intelligent , no subject leave untouched , style of narration .
 the introduction grip you right away , and hold you at the edge of your seat throughout the film .
 he provide wonderful insight into the world of the trainables and allow the audience to really 'connect ' with internal horror this film exhibit .
 the script itself hold the movie together wonderfully .
 not only for kid , but the elderly alike will gain a high understanding of the trainables and the modern grasp that they have on the sexual experience .
 ahead of its time and groundbreaking in cinematography , it surely define the word 'masterpiece ' .
 anyone who could find redeeming value in this piece of crap ought to have their head examine .
 we have the submissive , heroin-addicted , part-time hooker wife with laceration all over her body , laceration receive from repeated beating by an abusive son .
 now , she be squirt breast milk all over the kitchen floor , the release so gain somehow akin to Helen Keller place her hand in run water .
 we have the husband who start out by patronize a prostitute who just happen to be his daughter ( she be upset with him because he come too quickly)and end by murder his female colleague , have sex with her corpse , and then chop her up .
 we have the kid who be relentlessly bully by his classmate and who come home and beat his mom .
 you see , it be all circular .
 deep , Huh ?
 the only decent moment in this horrendous pile of tripe be when the dad murder his son 's tormentor .
 it be a good thing this turkey be shoot on video because otherwise what a waste of expensive film it would be .
 if that guy who think artist ought to be interested in this slop be really serious , no wonder most people think artist be insane .
 we see this lousy movie , then put on 'Zero Woman , the Accused .
 ' oh my God , it be a tossup as to which one be worse .
 what be go on in Japan these day ?
 sick , sick , sick .
 zombie Nation @card@ RHey , I be bore .
 I look in my Comcastic little box to find a movie to watch .
 zombie nation ?
 hey , I love zombie movie .
 say the filmmaker have some sort of cult follow in the description .
 funny how it do n't warn me not to watch this film .
 I could have use that advice.Zombie Nation be just like Troll @card@ in that it be completely misname .
 it have little ( if anything , depend on your point of view ) to do with zombie , and take place all within one city .
 this film revolve around a crooked cop , who act as badly as possible ( he have to be try to suck this much ) , while he arrest woman for trivial bullshit and then kill them .
 Yup , he be a serial killer cop .
 not only be this film flaw in think that it be a zombie flick , it also get its serial killer fact completely wrong .
 serial killer enjoy kill , they live for it and they get down and personal with it .
 this guy knock out the woman , and inject them with some poison .
 he do n't even have sex with the corpse or dismember it .
 talk about boring !
 eventually , one of the whopping five woman he kill have Voodoo protection do to her and for no apparent reason , all five come back to life and head off to kill this guy .
 they be all bury or toss into the ocean , but you would n't know it buy the sharp clean clothes they be all wear .
 the woman then act very poorly and take their revenge .
 oh yay.This film be crap in every category .
 crap acting , crap writing , crappier set , and crappier make-up effect .
 the woman do n't look zombie-like , unless you count really dark make-up around the eye to be the de facto definition of what make a zombie .
 they can all talk , behave , think , and act perfectly human .
 the gore be weak compare to even many PG-13 film and the nudity be beyond brief .
 you see glimpse of breast in the opening sequence.. .
 then the exact same breast later !
 go figure .
 guess only one actress be willing to go topless for this trite .
 the police station be so badly construct that you can see where they stop paint the wall of the warehouse they be obviously film in .
 you can see the pipe and the bad lighting and the overly sparse set-up and even , unless you be blind , you can see the director fail .
 steer clear , it be a waste of time.1/10 Kind of hard to believe that the movie from this book could succeed in top its awfulness !
 the plot be so contrived and unbelievable .
 .
 .
 start with lay a ton of guilt on a small child to spare her pain !
 then we have the collusive behavior of at least six and maybe more people(including clergy ) involve in what be a crime everywhere .
 next we have a wife who seemingly in the length of a ferry ride go from be comparatively happy to very shortly kick over the trace .
 a very unpleasant and coo coo mother , aid , abet and support by a politically correct group of friend !
 move the setting from an island off the coast of South Carolina , do not help the story although it may have help the film maker budget .
 the very beautiful building supposedly house the monastery do not seem to logically suit an island small enough to need golf cart and such a small ferry service .
 Kim Basinger whom I do really like be painfully thin in this movie and her hairdo certainly belong in another decade .
 also there be simply no chemistry at all between her and either of the male lead .
 I thoroughly dislike the book from which this be take but do read it all .
 the movie I keep surf back and forth to , have to leave whenever that saccharine music get too much .
 unless you like an unbelievable story , wooden acting , a contorted mixture of religious/mythological/allegory my advice be to skip this one .
 Oh and maybe a small carp criticism , but would n't a caring father have a life jacket on a small child on a small boat ?
 the good part of this movie be the scenery this be one of the most hateful and cruel movie I have see in a long time .
 sadly I be dupe into stick with it , since Donald Sutherland 's presence misleadingly give it some credibility .
 [ that be the last time that will happen.]Lesley Ann Warren 's character be annoyingly whiny and as stupid as they come .
 there be smart character than hers who be kill in the film .
 Thats just one of many thing in this movie that make me ask , 'Where be the justice ?
 'Why be late-night cable so fill with sadistic garbage fill with pathological mayhem ?
 most of these film seem to have a particular problem with woman , and seem to focus on them be terrorize and murder .
 this film could have be every bit as suspenseful without be sick and twist in the process .
 all it end up do be turn the viewer 's stomach with its sickness , and insult the viewer 's intelligence.The cast be misleadingly good .
 my guess be that they bag Sutherland first , and use him to lure the other like lemming into this.I be kick myself for waste time , give this piece of garbage a chance .
 in my eye this be almost the perfect example of Hollywood ego , only beat by the new king Kong movie .
 superman be the original super hero and deserve to be treat with respect even though he wear tights .
 Brandon Routh be the bad superman I have ever see , from the start of the movie u just wanna shove a chunk of kryptonite down his throat .
 he look just silly wear the costume .
 but enough about him , Kate Bosworth be a bad choise for lois lane , she be suppose to be a hard ass reporter , but in this movie she look more like a schoolgirl .
 the plot be weak and predictable ( WOW , he be actually supermans son , who would have ever thought... .
 ) and the act be horrible .
 this movie have one good thing go for it , and it 's name be Kevin spacey .
 his portrayal of Lex Luthor be brilliant but even he could not save this movie .
 what this movie need be the cast of 'lois and clark ' ( except Kevin spacey of course ) and a different story .
 I watch this movie after watch 'the hill have eye ' and I be chock to learn that there exist bad movie then that .
 this film be justly famous as one of the most horrible example of propaganda ever produce .
 the insistent equation of jew with disease be simplypathological , and even worse it almost become believable for brief secondsthrough its sheer repetition .
 the fact that something this crude work , evenbriefly , be an object lesson in itself .
 you have to have a strong stomach and a firm grip on yourself to sit through this , and I would n't recommend try unless you have a good reason .
 I have have a thing for this Kari chick for a while , and as far as how she look in this movie , no complaint .
 but after catch it last night in High DEFINITION , I be certain : that be the only thing in the movie that be n't substandard .
 the script be horrible , the acting be horrible , the direction be horrible .
 I see in another comment someone comment on how great the sex scene were...what ?
 not at all .
 when a movie be this bad you might as well just turn it into softcore porn , but instead I get to see some pasty white dude block me from see Wuhrer 's body and scene that offer me nothing except a tease .
 they should have just go cinemax so that the movie be n't a complete waste of time , but no .
 with a script this awful they should have capitalize on Wuhrer 's look , since that be the lone pro of the movie .
 @card@ , only because she look so hot .
 sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror film be a signal of its greatness .
 I remember the nervous laughter from the audience in the re-release of the Excorcist really nervous laughter .
 it punctuate just how freak out we all be watch the voice of Satan come out of a @card@ year old girl .
 in the case of the @card@ remake of the @card@ cult classic the Wicker man however , it make me think that this new Wickerman be about as scary as the South Park character , Scuzzlebut , the friendly forest monster with TV 's Patrick Duffy for a leg and a celery stalk for an arm who be favorite hobby be weave wick baskets.3 year ago a friend of mine in Hollywood tell me that he hear that Nicolas Cage be go to do a remake of the film .
 I start laugh and my friend ( Keith ) get mad at me tout Nicolas Cage as a great actor .
 I just do n't think that he could pull it off and unfortunately for moviegoer I be right .
 go be the realness , the outstanding original music , the originality , the creepiness and the wonderfully powerful dialogue .
 instead we have horror movie clichs , affect act and change to the storyline that make any believability fall apart .
 like many of the countless Hollywood remake we have be inundate with lately this feel like we be watch 4th grader on a playground 'playing Wickerman'.The original film take place on a remote Scottish Isle where a Scottish police officer be lure there to find a missing young girl name Rowan Morrison .
 in the new spin a California cop ( Cage ) be lure to an island of the coast of Washington state by his ex-girlfriend to find her missing daughter .
 she send a photo and the missing daughter look exactly like a young girl he try to save in a fiery crash not long ago .
 the crash still haunt him in part because the girl 's body be never find .
 yet even after he get a letter with her picture in it that connection be completely cast aside as he head north , alone , to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter .
 he arrive to find an island full of actor pretend to be the descendant of wiccans , many of whom seem like they do n't get call back for role in the Village .
 and like the Village it be n't long before you realize there be nothing to be afraid of here .
 not even the cloudy eyed blind sister who speak in unison.I think that the opportunity in Hollywood to make great amount of money on a film often come at great expense to the artistry .
 I think someone like Nicolas Cage who be in so many film these day lose touch with the magic that film can be when it get to the point where he have a personal chef on the set prepare his snack .
 we need a bad re-make of the Wickerman like we need yet another '9-11 ' movie .
 I be start to wonder if Nicolas change his surname from Coppola because he want to or because he be plead with to do so .
 I wish I have my rental money back from this piece of trash so I could donate it to the home for aged actor .
 total rubbish !
 !
 five people watch this movie at the same time and there be n't one single laugh to be hear , lot of yawn though .
 Paltrow be a beautiful woman and she be the good thing to look at in the entire so-called comedic movie. .
 I do n't know where to begin .
 this movie feel a lot like one of those cheap Saturday morning kid show that they use to make back in the late eighty early ninety .
 sort of like Captain Power or the Power Rangers .
 it be full of bad digital overlay and really cheesy sound 'secret agency ' and villains.The acting be so bad that it be not even funny .
 the direction be terrible and there be little to now continuity .
 it seem as if someone just throw a bunch of scene together and forget that there be suppose to be a plot.Perhaps one of the most ridiculous scene in the movie come early on , when several villain plant an explosive device in an agent car .
 for some reason , even though the device be clearly state as be 'remote detonate ' the bad guy decide to chase her down on their motorcycle as she drive away .
 this chase carry on .
 all the while with the bad guy do ludicrous and completely pointless bike stunt .
 stand up on the bike , do wheelie and so on .
 at one point , a crash happen and one of the attacker be throw from his bike , we see the bike ( clearly cgi ) throw over the agent car but the rider have vanish .
 then , a few second later the rider and bike return...apparently unscathed by the crash .
 at this point even though the car have an explosive device plant in it , the attacker choose to shoot the agent while drive past , then blow up her car .
 which be also clearly do with cgi .
 sound confusing ?
 it be , and so be the rest of the movie.I might point out that when I say cgi , we be n't talk about Lord of the Rings type cgi here .
 we be talk the cheap cheesy Power Rangers type cgi , actually I think it would have be do well on Power Rangers.Why Savini and Todd do this movie I will never know , I can only assume they do for money , as a favor to someone or because they be blackmail into it...probably the last one .
 Whew .
 what can be say about Gymkata that have n't already ?
 this be nothing but pure halarity from begin to end .
 if you want a movie that will keep you on the floor laugh , this be the perfect movie to get .
 from Cabot 's wild-style mullet/sweater combo to Parmistan ( and it be four billion assorted ninjas ) , everything about this film reek of crap.Directed by Robert Clouse , the infamous mind that bring you the mirror scene in Bruce Lee 's game of death , he once again showcase his complete lack of direct talent .
 a few other face you most likely wo n't recognize will appear for your enjoyment as well , from Buck Kartalian to Tadashi Yamashita , although you wo n't remember them or care about them after the movie be done.Supposedly base on a book call 'The Terrible Game , ' which , if I could find a single trace of it 's existence anywhere I would be interested in read it , to see where this thing go wrong .
 instead , the book apparently be a figment of Gymkata 's imagination .
 probably something Clouse make up in order to sell his lame idea.Pick this one up and Yakmallah it for yourself .
 it be easily one of the well bad movie I have ever see , and that be say quite a bit .
 it really be that bad .
 on a par with the ( mercifully !
 ) short-lived 'Dirty Dozen ' TV series that star Ben Murphy and be make at around the same time ( also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).I be embarrass for the cast member of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular .
 he be waaaaaay too old and fat for the role ( push @card@ when he make this garbage ) , and the reviewer who draw parallel with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in 'The Green Berets ' pretty much sum it up.Other reviewer have point out some of the many laughable howler that this crime against celluloid contain , so I wo n't repeat them here .
 but I will add that I be amaze that no-one be yet mention the ridiculously tiny-looking helmet that Savalas wear on his big , bloated head.I be also astonish that this trainwreck of a film have a rating as high as @card@ here at IMDb.As far as I be concern , it be a '1 ' right across the board .
 if you want a good example of why flog a franchise to death really be a bad idea ( especially 20-plus year after the original ) - look no further than 'The Dirty Dozen - the fatal Mission'.Awful - avoid !
 !
 !
 !
 Buford 's Beach Bunnies give B-grade T&A ; film a bad name .
 as a fan of the genre , I be appall to find little attempt be make to exploit the young actress talent .
 I refer specifically to the distinct lack of nudity and simulated sex scene .
 what be the next generation of sad teenage boy watch this on late night TV suppose to think ?
 if only to avoid make this type of film in the future .
 this film be interesting as an experiment but tell no cogent story.One might feel virtuous for sit thru it because it touch on so many important issue but it do so without any discernable motive .
 the viewer come away with no new perspective ( unless one come up with one while one 's mind wander , as it will invariably do during this pointless film).One might well spend one 's time stare out a window at a tree growing .
 I try to remove anything that might be consider a spoiler .
 I also assume that you have see the first movie or at least know the general gist , so if you have n't some of this might not make sense.Plot : this movie beat the audience over the head with tired philosophical rambling again and again in an attempt to get the theme across .
 we be bombard again and again by question of purpose , and destiny , and choice , and force to endure the long , torturous platitude session that contain them.Neo , awaken from a dream in the last movie , now begin a period of realization about his own existence .
 there be a lot of revelation in this movie , which I will be vague about so they wo n't seem like spoilers.*If you be still worry vague reference will spoil the movie , do n't read the paragraph below.*The strength and weakness of faith be reveal .
 the strength and weakness of love , and its temporary nature , be also reveal .
 the interdependence of human and technology , and our faith in technology , be also reveal .
 the importance of choice and experience be reveal .
 explain further thing that be reveal would go into too much detail , so I will refrain ( as the guideline for write a commentary ask ) .
 Btw , by 'revealed ' I mean pound through our ear and eye like nails.Storyline : so how do Neo and the gang get from the end of the last movie to the beginning of the next one ?
 in short , they keep the faith , and use and abuse overly-stylized action and bullet-time like it be go out of style ( and after this display , I be hope movie-goers and maker alike learn to appreciate subtlety and originality a bit more ) .
 more on that later .
 to not spoil anything , I will say no more than the promo material already do : Neo be still try to figure out the Matrix , and he be look for answer while try to save the human , and Zion , all while baddie be go after him and his cohort .
 the movie pretty much pick up where the last one leave off.Action : while martial art action and gunplay pepper its predecessor in somewhat equal part , this movie focus much more on martial art than gunplay , add sword , sais , etc .
 to the mix .
 special effect be so often use and wave in the audience 's face that it become really tiresome .
 I have discuss this movie with friend and coworker alike , and nearly all of them find some of the action sequences--especially the 'Smith fight ' we all hear would be in the movie--to be too long and tedious .
 this be a huge red flag for action fan , because the end of an action sequence should either leave you want a slight bit more , or completely content with the awesomeness that just occured.These fight scene do neither .
 they be over-stylized , over-the-top sequence that be wooden and uninspired .
 in the first movie , there be a real sense of desperation to some of the action , a sense that fighting be for survival , not just look good ( which I honestly do n't think they manage in reloade anyway ) in black and leather .
 go watch Drunken Master or Iron Monkey after this movie to remind yourself of what good fighting sequence are--you wo n't regret it .
 in addition , the 'Matrix ability ' people have in Reloaded be not consistent , and what they actually do be not consistent .
 the first movie have its inconsistency here , but they be n't too glaring--unlike Reloaded.Special effect be pour on and on and on .
 every little thing someone do , be it just jump , somersault , spin , and in many case just pose , areslow-moed , bullet-timed , or over-accentuated by some sort of destruction .
 it be evident the W Bros have a ton of money to throw at this movie , and boy do they throw it , with no real restraint .
 sharp editor could have really help this , but the first movie be such a hit that free reign be obviously give , which bring us to .
 .
 .Character and dialogue : I have already more or less say the dialogue be tired and full of philosophical platitude .
 actor ca n't really bring a lot of depth to their character when the script and direction be shove character progression audience 's face , or neglect it altogether .
 the audience be at no time give nuance and substance so they can contemplate the character on their own.Keanu 's acting performance be stiff at good .
 Keanu be good at act confused , and that be about all he do in this film .
 he make a decent attempt to show passion between Neo and Trinity , but it fall flat.Lawrence try to make Morpheus everything from Moses to Henry @card@ , and be as cool as a cat throughout .
 with the script he be provide , he make a noble attempt , but it also fall flat.Moss be n't very believable either .
 her look of concern be always the same , much like Keanu 's , and the chemistry be n't there , although in their very physical scene they fake it well enough.Hugo once again bring his weird sense of be an Agent program , but he too suffer from the script 's hand .
 I actually find him to be the most interesting character of the bunch , but instead of development they just make him an excuse for a huge , draw out fight scene.All in all , this movie be beyond disappointing if you have good expectation , and on its own , as a stand-alone movie ( which be not how it be suppose to be take ) , it be still horrible .
 I do n't see the Matrix as deep , but I at least see it as an enjoyable scifi romp that have some interesting idea , good action , a few funny line , and enough restrained symbolism and elusion to amuse the attentive .
 reloade fail on all these count , and I really hope the W Bros will give us a good experience in the 3rd installment .
 grant , I do n't have a lot of hope leave for that after this film .
 I be definitely a Burt Reynolds fan , but sorry , this one really stink .
 most of the dialogue be laughable and the only interesting plot twist be in the last five minute of the movie .
 I ca n't believe he even make this one .
 be he actually that hard up for money ?
 this be an interesting idea go bad .
 the hidden meaning in art leave as clue by a serial killer sound intriguing , but the execution in 'Anamorph ' be excruciatingly slow and without much interest .
 there be no other way to describe the film except boring .
 the death clue be the only interesting part of 'Anamorph ' .
 everything connect them be tedious .
 Willem Dafoe give a credible performance as the investigator , but he have little to do with a script that be stretch to the limit .
 several support character actor be waste , include Peter Stormare as the art expert , James Rebhorn as the police chief , Paul Lazar as the medical examiner , and most notably Deborah Harry , who be feature on the back of the DVD case , yet only have a couple line speak through a cracked door .
 not recommend .
 - Merk This have to be one of the bad film I have ever see .
 the DVD be give to me free with an order I place online for non DVD related items.No wonder they be give away , surely no one could part with money for this drivel.How some reviewer can say they find it hilarious beggar belief , the person who include it in the bad five film ever have get it spot on.How on earth a talented actor like Philip Seymour Hoffman could get involve in this rubbish be unbelievable .
 mostly toilet humour and badly do at that.Anyone want to be entertain should avoid this at all cost .
 just see this at the Chicago Film Festival - avoid it at all cost unless you have sleep problem .
 it be a film fill with pretension - it open with a minor quote from 'Hiroshima mon amour ' and it be all downhill from there .
 camera work - imagine a child try to imitate Wong Kar Wai .
 story line - Smokey Robinson and the Miracles ' 'The love I see in you be just a Mirage ' expand from @card@ minute to over @card@ hour but fill with repetition .
 for butt numb pain this film rank with the bench at the Methodist church my parent drag me to when I be a kid .
 I want 2+ hour of my life refund .
 Julian Hernandez 's promoter preface the viewing with comment that the film be 'controversial ' - that be true only for the film 's narcotic effect .
 this be just flat out unwatchable .
 if there be a story in here somewhere , it be so deeply bury beneath the horrid character and jarring camera work that be it be indiscernible .
 there be a group of vampire hunter who go around do their thing , and the vampire they kill have little alien inside of them .
 they pop their head out and talk like Speedy Gonzales .
 if you can imagine a blood and gore cover alien sock puppet scream in horror as a cowboy dude zap it with a cattle prod , well , that be what you get here .
 these folk be loud , obnoxious , violent , and just extremely annoy .
 then there be some anti-human human , who stand around in their CGI spaceship be so incredibly pompous that it be impossible to take .
 these folk make Hillary Clinton seem like a right-wing extremist in comparison .
 they be friend with some vampire , or something...who cares.Then there be the camera work .
 remember how everybody hate the thousand-cuts-a-minute crap from the recent Rolleball remake ?
 the folk who make this movie Love that stuff .
 there be enough of it in here for three really crappy nu-metal video on MTV.Nuff say .
 this thing smell .
 in comparison , Dracula @card@ be a masterwork .
 I agree with other user comment in that the two main role be well act , that be the guy that play Gary Gillmore and Giovanni 's role .
 too bad the story be so boring .
 not hearing about the story I know nothing of Gary Gillmore before the movie so I do n't know what to expect .
 I think it would be something like Dead Man Walking or the Chamber but how wrong I be .
 the whole movie be just talk , talk and talk about their mom and dad .
 the only cool scene be the flashback where the dad would lose his temper .
 that be the only interest I get from this borefest .
 I always think people be a little too cynical about these old Andy Hardy film .
 a couple of them be n't bad .
 modern film critic be not one who usually prefer nice to nasty , so goody-two shoe movie like these rarely get praiseNonetheless , I ca n't defend this movie either .
 you can still have an dated dialog but still laugh and cry over the story .
 watch this , you just shake your head ask yourself , 'how stupid can you get ?
 ' this be corny than corny , if you know what I mean .
 it be so corny I can fathom too many people actually sit through the entire hour-and-a-half.The story basically be 'Andy ' ( Mickey Rooney ) try to get out of jam because he make up some story about involve with some dbutante from New York City as if that be the ultimate .
 people be a lot more social-conscious in the old day .
 you will hear the term 'social-climber ' as if know rich or beautiful people be the high achievement you could make it life .
 it be all utter nonsense , of course , and look even more so today.However , it be about as innocent and clean a story and series ( there be a half dozen of these Andy Hardy film make ) as you could find .
 also , if you like to hear Judy Garland sing , then this be your ticket , as she sing a couple of song in here and she croon her way into Andy 's heart .
 oh man , I almost throw up even write about this !
 the dialogue be pretty dreadful .
 the plot not really all that inspire beyond the obvious twist it present .
 not visually stunning .
 actually visually annoy at time .
 most definitely one of those film you find easy to finish if you keep one finger on the fast forward button .
 if you could watch it for free , have absolutely no other option open at the moment and you really dig see the little poltergeist lady.. .
 well maybe I will recommend it to you , but not anyone else I could think of at the moment .
 veteran sleazeball Bruno Mattei be at it again with this erotic thriller that clearly echo Joel Schumacher 's 8MM .
 but , as expect , Mattei do his movie on a minuscule budget - so that it already look obscure when it be newly released.After her daughter get abduct , a mother enter the dark world of underground pornography , because the kidnapper belong to an international organization that direct snuff film as long as the exclusive client pay well .
 the search for her daughter do not only lead the mother across Europe , but also into prostitution .
 she go to bed with some guy to get her clue .
 when she finally reach contact with the snuff organization lead by the mysterious Doctor Hades , she be get into great danger herself.There be not much good to say about this one , even though it start promise .
 problem be that the movie be by far not as sleazy or explicit as one might expect from the director who make film like Blade VIOLENT .
 snuff trap ( which be first release in Russia !
 ) be neither gory enough nor do it contain the amount of nudity and sex to really keep the viewer 's attention .
 the plot be n't that special either , except maybe for the surprisingly many different location throughout Europe .
 the ending be hugely disappointing .
 the acting be n't really remarkable either , except for Anita Auer who play Doctor Hades : she look and act extremely creepy .
 you do n't want to meet her like this in a dark alley ( or your bedroom , for that matter).All in all , SNUFF TRAP only appeal to collector of Bruno Mattei 's film .
 but it be good to see the man back on the helm again : it be his first thriller since @card@ 's Giallo GLI OCCHI DENTRO .
 rent a batch of film from Blockbuster last night , and this be the first one I watch ( it be late on a Saturday night , want a 'horror film fix')...Wow , this be awful , almost embarrassingly so.. .
 stupid slasher-type story I really think film like Scream have put an end to ; amateur actor deliver clichd ' and insipid dialogue that be hard to believe be actually type and read off a page ; and gore scene that be nothing to get excited about ( especially when occur in a film this poorly scripted).But I have always believe no film be @card@ % percent totally worthless .
 here be the few good thing I can say about this mess:#1 Bobbie Phillips : love this actress .
 she be the only member of the cast who display any act talent whatsoever .
 the only reason I take a chance on rent this be because her name be on the front cover .
 she acquit her presence in this dreck with professionalism , even though she look bemuse at time that she be act in such a moronic story.#2 unintentional hilarity : this be the kind of film I can remember see back when there be still grind house theater around the country and they use to include crap like this as the third movie on a triple-bill with some prestige thriller movie that be finally make it 's way to the hinterland .
 unfortunately , in this direct-to-video age , most viewer have to endure these turkey alone now without the communal experience of be part of an audience jeer and throw stuff at the screen because the film be so terrible .
 which lead to--#3 Porn Stars try to Act !
 : mostly on hand because the producer do n't need to cajole or plead with them to disrobe for extended sex scene , but this trade-off usually mean they actually get to speak some line that be suppose to advance a story ( other than 'ooh yeah baby ' , or 'harder !
 ' ) .
 and , proudly , they all deliver expertly at look foolish when try to act .
 I will almost exclude Ginger Lynn Allen from this group if her character be n't suppose to be an Irish mom and she be actually attempt at time to do an accent , which just keep the smile coming.It be nice to look for the positive in all experience , and that be what I take from this cesspool a.k.a 'Evil Breed ' Renown writer Mark Redfield ( as Edgar Allen Poe ) try to conquer old addiction and start a new life for himself , as a Baltimore , Maryland magazine publisher .
 however , blackout , delirium , and rejection threaten to thwart his effort .
 he would also like to rekindle romance with an old sweetheart , a significantly flawed prospect , as thing turn out .
 Mr .
 Redfield also direct this dramatization of the mysterious last day of Edgar Allen Poe .
 Redfield employ a lot of black and white , color , and trick photography to create mood .
 Kevin G. Shinnick ( as Dr .
 John Moran ) perform well , relatively speak .
 it be not enough .
 ***SPOILERS*** ***SPOILERS*** Continued...From here on in the whole movie collapse in on itself .
 first we meet a rogue program with the indication we be gonna get ghost and vampire and werewolf and the like .
 we get a guy with a retarded accent talk endless garbage , two 'ghosts ' that serve no real purpose and have no character what-so-ever and a bunch of henchman .
 someone have tell me they be vampire ( straight out of Blade @card@ ) , but they be so undefined I do n't realise.The funny accent guy with a ridiculous name suffer the same problem as the Oracle , only for far long and far far bad .
 he have a simple point about cause and effect , make it , then continue to make it and make it until it become convoluted and stupid .
 his final line before walk off be comparable to Storm 's 'do you know what happen to a toad.. .
 ' line in X-men in level of utter bland baddness .
 the chocolate cake be such a lazy , pathetic cliche and Monica Bellucci as the wife do nothing other than exactly what we expect the moment we see her.And then we get another kung fu fight !
 !
 !
 why ?
 Neo be , allegedly , the one .
 he can do anything .
 he have the ultimate power and what do he use it for .
 Kung bloody fu all the time .
 and while he can stop @card@ bullet , he still get cut by a sword and still make a meal of @card@ undecipherable henchman ( vampire ?
 ) .
 I want to see mind blow power .
 I want to see him do the wild , crazy most insane s*** to people because he can do anything .
 I get the same as before without the 'wow'.The fabled car chase .
 that ca n't be bad .
 Well.. .
 no , it be not .
 it be just not what we have be tyold it be go to be .
 all the cool shot from this scene be in the trailer .
 every one .
 so all possibly Wow have be take from us so all we now get be a good chase sequence with , guess what , a kung fu fight !
 !
 !
 OK , it be not Neo , but you will have think he will have explain to his close friend about the reality of the Matrix .
 at least teach them something .
 it be not hard.'Hey , Morpheus , do n't worry about what happen to you in the matrix .
 it be not real .
 as long as you understand that nothing 's real then nothing can really harm you.'There you go .
 Simple.OK , so the chase be not bad .
 it be never boring and it do n't seem like @card@ minute .
 it be just so underwhelming .
 and still , it get worse.The final climax to the movie be quite probably the bad imaginable .
 they have this whole elaborate plan that involve three crew .
 they then only show it sporadically between Morpheus 's over long , super preachy , monologue .
 to make it bad , they never clearly define what this plan that need @card@ team be .
 you know basically , but you do n't know who be do what , when , so when one crew go down you just do n't care and you do n't know how this be go to affect what go on.I will sum it up though , it happen so Trinity can get back into the Matrix to setup the end .
 that be the only reason it happen .
 which raise the question , why do they need to send @card@ people originally ?
 Trinity get in in five minute by herself !
 Neo 's journey to the centre of the Matrix ( so to speak ) be handle equally lazily .
 Ooohhh !
 !
 !
 he run into another @card@ Agent Smiths !
 !
 !
 Woooooo !
 !
 !
 that must have take a lot of thought .
 only now they be in a corridor so the fight have no scale and be over in a moment .
 man , what a grand finale !
 !
 !
 and then the architect !
 !
 !
 remember everything I say be bad about the Oracle and the foreign guy ?
 add them together and double it , that be how truly appall the architect be .
 the only reasonable potential of him be he be about to set up the cliffhanging climax.And then he blow it !
 Let 's look at the option he give Neo .
 choose one door and all humanity die ( except @card@ !
 !
 !
 ) .
 choose the other and all humanity die !
 !
 !
 consider choice be something this film try to explore it do n't really give it 's hero one .
 if he have a choice of Save humanity and the missus die or save the missus and kill humanity there be the potnetial for inner torment and tension .
 also , with Trinity be mid fall , the potential of a real cliffhanger that would have make see the third more essential .
 but no .
 he have save no-one or save the missus.Now , the very bad thing about the original Matrix be Neo die and then come back to life right at the end .
 the year it come out everyone be so annoy by how stupid Jar Jar be they do n't notice that the very end of the Matrix make him look him Steven Hawking .
 'The Oracle tell me I will fall in love with the one , and I love you'... .
 come on !
 !
 !
 !
 how can the whole world have miss how utterly terrible that be ?
 so , what do the Wachowski 's do in the sequel ?
 well , they make the ending of the original look well .
 how ?
 well , by do almost exactly the same thing again ( only swap character ) only so much worse I think my f a and r key would be wear out if I keep write far before I get to worse.And the cliffhanger be just not really a cliffhanger .
 it be a reminder.Basically , this film be just bad .
 I really do n't want it to be bad , but it be .
 bad in just so many way .
 and to make matter worse , this be n't a film with not enough budget .
 it be not a film with too short a schedule .
 it be not a film that have be rush out .
 it be not a film where too much influence have come from the outside .
 this be exactly the film the Wachowski be set out to make with Warner 's fortune fully behind them .
 and that be what make this so awful .
 at least Rancid Aluminium can say that it do n't haev enough time or money.Matrix Reloaded .
 the bad film ever make ?
 maybe not quite .
 the most disappointing and defalting film ever made.Undeniably .
 many King fan hate this because it depart from the book , but film be a different medium and book should change when they make the jump .
 that notwithstanding , the movie do fail completely , but it fail entirely on film term .
 I will like to smack the people who tell me it be the scary movie ever make .
 I always follow up with the question 'Really.. .
 exactly what scene scare you ?
 ' Every fan I have ask , go silent .
 occasionally someone , at a loss for a decent scare ( there be none.. .
 ) , name the 'Grape-juice-shooting-out-of-elevators ' shtick .
 if you be afraid of that , I do n't know what to tell you , except maybe that you be easily scare .
 I just roll my eye watch these z-grade horror idea play out in this schlocky , incoherent movie.One place it divert from the book and really be insipid be the tedious work the movie do to get Mr Halloran up to the overlook only to kill him ; with the dumb member of the audience know that Jack be wait behind one of the column in the corridor that it take Halloran FOREVER to walk down .
 really one of the stupid sequence ever put on film.Oh , and nice choice for Mr .
 Halloran 's artwork Stanley !
 Black light afro-nymphomaniacs really add to the mood and character development of a horror movie .
 have there ever be a more 'off , ' out-of-place shot in any movie ever make ?
 I consider it a miracle that I be eventually able to bypass this turd , and agree that Kubricks @card@ be a truly important film , give the immense 'bad will ' generate by both this stupid , stupid movie , and the cult of fawn but inarticulate Kubrick fan-boys , who could n't describe an idea at work in it with every film resource in the Library of Congress in front of them.Toss in the grotesque overact of Jack Nicholson , the introduction of dumb one-liner at tense moment , and the Razzie nominate performance of Shelly Duvall and you have a very crappy movie .
 if you be to judge base on the movie alone , the committee that give the stage musical 'A Chorus Line ' a Pulitzer Prize , and Broadway audience that keep the war horse run for @card@ year , be all on heavy narcotic , because one singular sensation this film certainly be NOT.What possessed anyone to think that Richard Attenborough be the right fit for this material utterly mystify me , but he make a musical that be almost entirely about movement just sit on the screen like a lump of clay.Not content with the original score the way it be originally write , someone decide that what the film really need be a brand new song to give the movie some zip .
 thus we be assault with the Oscar-nominated( !
 ) 'Surprise , Surprise .
 ' well surprise , surprise , the song stink , and so do the movie.Grade : d this movie waste virtually every actor 's talent in what could good be charitably call a 'potboiler'.Despite it be action-packed 'Top Gun ' opening it be all downhill from there with plenty of stereotype and unlikely situation follow each other until you try to choke yourself on your popcorn.There be so many dead-end story line in this movie I be guess at one point it be make by splice together a discard TV series.Quinn 's Mexican drug-lord role be laughable and his 'associates ' pluck right out of a @card@ 's Quinn-Martin cop show .
 Costner 's character be wooden and give us no reason to believe he actually fall in love with Mendez ' wife .
 nor be we convincingly lead to believe the wife be ache for companionship and will jump the first hot body come along.Definitely a 'B ' movie at good and a huge waste of time for everyone involve .
 there be no word to explain how bad NIGHTMARE Weekend be .
 it simply defy description .
 something about a computer that can change personal object into silver ball that enter the victim ' mouth , which kill them or turn them into zombie .
 the whole thing be so wonky that it be stunning .
 there be also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talk via a hand puppet !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 I be not make this stuff up .
 the computer also control thing like car , even though there be nothing link the computer with the vehicle.The 'film ' be total trash .
 surreal bad trash .
 spectacularly , one-of-a-kind bad trash .
 there be a lot of sex scene throw here and there , which be n't very hot or erotic .
 there be even one scene where a woman seemingly make love or want to French kiss a tarantula , which have me roll on the floor.Definitely one of the bad movie ever make .
 up there with the equally wretched direct-to-home video BOARDINGHOUSE , or BOOGEYMAN II ( both NIGHTMARE Weekend and BOOGEYMAN II have scene with a killer toothbrush !
 ) .
 at least it be fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever be go on .
 expect a combination of scifi and period film about Ada Lovelace , Charles Babbage , the history of computer , etc , I be disappoint by this movie nonsensical pseudoscience and mixture of real and fabulous history .
 it give the impression that its writer ( Lynn Hershman-Leeson ) have no real understanding of the Math , technology , or history constitute the film 's subject , but be work instead from a sort of fuzzy artistic impression of them .
 this hit a sore spot with me , as I have long be irritate by the tendency of the art to glom onto and awfully misuse science term and idea to the point of confusion , eg : Emmy Coer : 'information wave have a half-life ' , Ada : 'I be not at all certain that half a life be good than no life at all'.This movie do worse than fail to entertain - it misinform .
 the only redeeming value I can imagine for it be that it might attract a viewer to learn about the subject it so badly distort .
 it be more likely , I think , to promote a superstitious perception of science and technology of any degree of advancement as indistinguishable from magic .
 in what could have be an otherwise run of the mill , mediocre film about infidelity in the sixty ( the subtle 'free-love ' period ) , the creator of this film pile on ridiculous scenario after ridiculous scenario and top it all off with a trite little cherry on top , happily ever after end .
 at no time do I ever feel sympathy for Diane Lane or Anna Paquin in their troublesome middle-class care free life , nor do I feel for the emasculate Liev Shrieber .
 the story line plod along slowly to its predictable , pathetic conclusion and the only thing interesting and watchable about this film be the stunning Diane Lane topless .
 here be a hint , it occur about @card@ minute into the film .
 fast forward to that part and skip the rest .
 the question , when one see a movie this bad , be not necessarily , 'How do a movie this bad get make ?
 ' or even , 'Why do I see this awful in the first place ?
 ' but , 'What have I learn from this experience ?
 ' here be what I learned:- just because the 'rules ' of horror movie have be catalogue and satirize countless time in the last ten year do n't mean someone wo n't go ahead and make a movie that use ALL of them , without a shred of humor or irony.- if your movie have to be describe as **loosely** base on the video game , you have script problems.- the black character may not always die first , but the Asian character do always know kung-fu.- while you may be proud that you figure out how to do the 'the Matrix effect ' on a budget , that do n't necessarily mean you should use it over and over again ad nausea.- be Ron Howard 's brother do not guarantee choice roles.- whenever a scene do n't edit together , just use some footage from the video game , no one will notice.- if your cousin 's rap-metal band offer to write your movie 's theme for free , politely decline.- Zombie movie be not about people kill zombie .
 they be about zombie kill people , preferably in the most gruesome way possible .
 that be what make them SCARY.- White people who can pay $1600 to get to a rave deserve to die.- if you find an old book , it will tell you everything you need to know .
 anything else you will figure out on your own two line after someone ask , 'What be that ?
 ' or , 'Where be we ?
 '- Bare breast be not horror movie panacea.- a helicopter boom shot and a licensing deal with Sega magically transform your movie from 'student film ' to 'major studio release ' .
 try it !
 - just because you can name-drop all three 'Living Dead ' movie , that do not make you George Romero .
 or even Paul W. S. Anderson.I have see bad movie , but only because I have see 'Mortal Kombat : annihilation .
 ' ...you know the rest .
 if you want a good zombie movie , DON'T Rent This Movie .
 if you want a documentary-esquire look at 'hood life ' you be at the wrong place as well .
 if you be look for a laughable piece of film , this be a real winner !
 the acting be as flat as a piece of paper .
 the good example of this be definitely the officer investigate the drive-by .
 I can tell that he do the voice for the @card@ operator as well by the flat tone of his voice .
 if I could hear a cardboard box talk , it will probably sound like this guy .
 oh yea , and the 'zombies ' do their good snake impression which be on par with their fantastic acting overall ( note sarcasm...HOW DID This NOT Win an Oscar for BEST MAKE-UP ) the Quiroz......did not do any sort of directing .
 I feel like I be watch an improvisational period piece ( the period be more like @card@ 's LA ) the direction be however one-uped by the bad script I think to ever grace a movie .
 I have n't hear such lovely line , like the epic one word begin to the movie 'F**k !
 ' , since Ice Grill which be another 'urban ' thriller .
 this only work of course in conjunction with the also-epic hip-hop soundtrack !
 all @card@ or so song of it !
 all in all , what the hell do you expect from a movie entitle 'Hood of the live Dead ' ?
 I rent this movie with full intention to laugh at its every scene , and boy it deliver and More !
 I would definitely recommend this to anyone who want to get together with a bunch of guy and laugh at a low budget horror ( yea right.. .
 ) movie for the night .
 a memorable experience for sure !
 by the time this film be release I have see Chorus Line on stage @card@ time , and have be anticipate most eagerly the long-rumor production of a film of the story .
 my wife and I be in line hour before the box office open on the day the film be release .
 it be not just a disappointment , it be a kick in the abdomen.First , the story be 'moved outside , ' so to speak , by include scene not in the confine of the theater .
 those confine be a large portion of the meaning and impact of the story.Second & third together ( assign your own order ) : one of the original song , with very dynamic dance number , be remove ; a song which be NOT in the stage production be add .
 say what ?
 ?
 I be confuse !
 the only reason I give this film @card@ star instead of @card@ be my admiration for the talent and hard work of the performer .
 I have now see Chorus Line on stage @card@ time , and would n't mind see it @card@ more time before I die .
 it be superbly write , with wonderful music , and heart- wrenchingly true story .
 if you want to see a musical which include a great 'cattle call ' audition , I recommend all that jazz .
 if you want to see the story of a Chorus Line , see it on stage .
 direction must be the problem here .
 I recently hear John Cleese speak of work a skit for Fawlty Towers .
 he be suppose to attack his car with a branch .
 the first branch be too flimsy and not funny .
 the second branch be too stiff to be funny .
 the third be just flimsy enough to be funny .
 this sort of attention to detail be miss from 'Corky Romano ' .
 no matter how embarrassingly unfunny a comic bit be , it be n't fix , and be n't leave on the cut room floor .
 the one value I can find in this movie be as a study of a very flawed movie which somehow escape into distribution without be repaired.I have scan dozen of other review here .
 the number of review praise this absolute waste of time bolster my suspicion that some people be get pay to promote title .
 I ca n't fathom how anyone over the age of @card@ could rate this title more than a @card@ , Max .
 I mean , come on , @card@ be average .
 I ca n't imagine anyone , even those make money off of this , rate it even as much as average.This make my list of the @card@ bad movie of all time .
 and , hey , I actually like the Three Stooges and can even tolerate Ed Wood !
 some might scoff , but there be actually a real art with make particularly bad film .
 this miss out on all fronts.A bunch of young people -- woman with heave breast and continuously wet T-shirt , naturally -- go to film 'blood surfing ' and end up run into a @card@ foot crocodile.Not only be the croc obviously fake , but some of the prop [ notice the boat hit the reef in particular ] look like they have come out of thunderbird !
 no good , from start to finish .
 do n't see it !
 this thing be really awfull .
 Theres no charachter with weight , theyre all float around in the BGs .
 the Motion Capture be a fine toy , but this movie demostrates that you really need people who know animation to do an animated film .
 the Machine CANT do ANYTHING Well By ITSELF .
 if you see it as a bizarre film , youll have fun find mistake of continuity.. .
 in a 3D Movie !
 !
 !
 its funny to watch the princess dress move around like a thing with diferent phisics .
 you need animator and 3D animator , not data-entries whom know 3D program .
 note the junction , like the elbow , how they lose volume and get deform .
 the person who make the charachter design ( a very good one ) sufered for sure when he/she watch them move , cos you cant say they come to life .
 I do n't know where to begin .
 the cast be full of people who have never do anything before or since .
 Debralee Scott be list on cover box , but do not appear in the movie at all .
 the writing be quite bad , even for college film .
 it be obviously very low budget , with one scene at the sorority house have extremely choppy editing.The character be pretty typical for college film - timid guy , nerd , suave black guy , tough guy , guy with mustache , attractive girl , small town girl , etc .
 the featured teacher be about what be you will expect.. .
 middle age heavy set guy who get sidetrack easily.If you wa n't to see a college flick , stay clear from this one .
 it be so bad , it be not even funny .
 I think the big fail something can have be to be boring .
 bad be actually well than bore .
 this thing have no breath .
 it do have the interesting fact of take place in Cambodia .
 how many American make film of the @card@ be take place in Cambodia .
 nevertheless , the conflict there be a little hard to figure out .
 even the troop movement be a little confusing .
 what drag it to a resounding halt be the love story .
 why those two guy be so totally transfix on the dippy blonde I do n't know .
 I think he should continue to use his Zombies ( such as they be ) and forget all about her .
 the movie just plod along .
 the perfect microcosm be where one of the principle character follow a Cambodian priest through the water to get to the secret place where the hieroglyphics ( or whatever ) that explain how to turn people into zombie be keep .
 I think they would never get there .
 one guy take two step .
 he stop .
 he look around .
 the other guy hide behind some column .
 he take two step .
 he stop .
 he look around .
 the other guy hide behind some bush .
 this be the movie in a nutshell .
 then there be the bad acting and insipid dialogue .
 I actually have a lot of patience when it come to B movie .
 this one be insufferable .
 by the way , a more apt title would be Revolt of the Hypnotized .
 ...this would have be what you got.Words alone can describe how bad this be .
 if you be have trouble sleeping pop this in and I guarantee you will be out in fifteen minutes.Robert Lowery be a pretty good actor in the 40s-- but he be phone it in here .
 in an interview , Johnny 'Duncan ' Robin say that in one scene he and Batman have to run from the car to the house and that Lowery be double over out of camera range because his girdle be too tight !
 Duncan himself look more like a motorcycle hood than a boy wonder-- in fact he be more like a guy in his thirty wait for Lowery to kick off so he can wear the big cape.Driving a batmobile that look like it roll off Honest Al 's used car lot at below sticker price-- the Dynamic Duo do n't put a lot of effort into hide the fact that it be Bruce Wayne 's car they be driving-- in fact it be note by several character throughout the serial.The acting be wooden-- the set be cheap-- the dialogue be horrendous and if there be even a script they be follow I be sure it read along the line of 'Batman say something here ' because it certainly seem like they be make it up as it go along.Batman 's utility belt be make out of thin fabric with no apparent pouch to hold his gadgets-- in one scene when Batman need a full size blow torch the producer just tuck one in as the scene starts-- never to be see again .
 his cowl be so bad he ca n't even see out of it and his ear look more like flopsy mopsy the disgruntled east rabbit than they do anything batlike.In one scene ( I be not make this up ) , Batman substitute counterfiet radioactive money that will burst into flame the second it be expose to air as a payoff to some hood .
 it be radioactive so he can trace it-- the reason it be so highly flammable be n't explain .
 well , unfortunately the thug open the package in a cardboard warehouse-- we know it be a cardboard warehouse because Batman sneak in and push these box that look to weigh about six ounce on the hood to knock them out-- and soon the whole place burn to the ground .
 thanks Batman !
 in another scene after the Batmobile be disable , Batman flag down a pass motorist in the middle of nowhere and take his car-- leave the man to fend for himself and tell him not to worry because if Batman smash up the car the police will surely buy him another one !
 yes , you guess it , say car careen off a cliff within a few short second .
 not that it matter much to the motorist who have probably die from exposure try to hoof his way back to Gotham City.There be a tired subplot with Lois Lane clone Vicki Vale who be convinced Bruce Wayne be Batman-- she must have notice the Batmobile park outside of Bruce 's house-- or maybe she see Batman and Robin run up the walk in the clearly densely populate suburban neighborhood.Everything about this serial be bad-- and all but the young in the audience will want to hurl toast at the screen .
 if you be look for bad cinema you could not hit a good mark-- if you want entertainment , try the Burton Batman film , the Adam West Batman TV Series or the early Lewis Wilson Batman serial .
 you know those film that have you trap in the cinema ?
 you be stick there in the good seat in the house , centre of the row in your own special sweet spot that you swap three time before you get just the right seat - and after about what feel like @card@ hour you be still trap there , uncomfortable and itchy , think 'When the F*** be this film ever go to END ?
 ?
 ?
 ' ( you know the feeling - think of A.I. and the Village).Well , Visitor Q deliver a weird variant of that feeling .
 I sit there for the first @card@ minute wonder when the thing be go to f***ing start !
 it be interminable !
 so 'Arty ' it hurt .
 this be the first Miike Takashi film I have watch .
 apparently he make film by the dozen and , if they be all pretentious w@nk like this , I suspect it will be the last.I be not against pretentious w@nk .
 David Lynch be up there amongst the top @card@ director for me but Visitor Q be cut-rate , cheap , and nasty pretentious w@nk.As you may have work out by now - I hate it .
 I really do n't have anything new to add but I just feel like I have to comment on this sack .
 so here goes:Atrocious .
 I be run through my MST3K DVD collection again and I just watch Hobgoblins for about the 10th time .
 it be really , really painful but it be next on the list.. .
 you can see that there be a tiny kernel of an actual movie bury under all the crap that be 'Hobgoblins ' but it just could n't get out .
 everything about this movie be 4th rate .
 the story , the acting , the effect , the woman , the 'action scene ' , the.. .
 ahhhh forget it .
 I can watch a piece of crap like 'The Bloodwaters of Dr .
 Z ' ( aka 'Zaat ' ) over and over and over with hardly any ill effect ( I like it in fact- btw , it will be on TCM later this month- October , @card@ ) but 'Hobgoblins ' be a whole 'nother ballgame.The bad part of it all may be that it be now about @card@ hour after the movie end , I have a good night 's sleep , some coffee and some dry toast , my medication , and yet the ersatz 'New Wave ' dance music that Amy , Red Shorts , and Laraine Newman be frolick to in the living room be Still Running THROUGH My Head .
 this torment will last for days.Good luck , wo n't you ?
 this be one of the bad film I have ever seen.I usually praise any film for some aspect of its production , but the intensely irritate behaviour of more than half the character make it hard for me to appreciate any part of this film.Most common be the inference that the bloke who design the building be at fault an avalanche collapse it .
 er ok.Also , try to out ski an avalanche slalom style be not gonna work .
 run @card@ foot into some tree be not gonna work .
 alas it do here .
 as mention before the innate dumbness and sheer stupidity of some character be ridiculous .
 in an enclose space , with limited oxygen a four year old could tell you start a fire be not a good idea.Anyway , about @card@ minute of the movie redeem itself and acquire some appreciation .
 however , if you have a modicum of intelligence you too will find most of this film hard to tolerate.It pain me that so many quality story go unproduced and yet someone will pay for thing like this to be made.Oh , do I mention the last five minute ?
 well to give you a hook you have to keep watch in order to see the late in combative avalanche technique .
 absolutely priceless .
 absolutely laughable film .
 I live in London and the plot be so ill-researched it be ridiculous .
 no one could be terrorise on the London underground .
 in the short time it be not in service each night there be team of maintenance worker down there check the track and perform repair , etc .
 that there be homeless people live down there be equally unlikely .
 or that it be even possible to get lock in and not have access to a mobile phone in this day and age...The worst that be likely to happen if someone do find themselves there after the last train be that they might get graffito spray on them .
 although this have be come under control due to the massive number of security camera on the network , another thorn in the side of the story .
 ( remember in London as a whole we have more security camera than any other city in the world.)If it have be set in a city I be not familiar with perhaps I could have enjoy it through ignorance , but it be not a high quality film so I just could n't bring myself to suspend my disbelief and try and enjoy it for the banal little tale that it is.I would have give it @card@ if such a rating exist !
 possibly the most disappointing film I ever think I would like .
 that be what the title should be , anyway.This movie combine gun , explosive , and mindless kill to make one flop of an 'action ' movie .
 let me make my point in a series of question : answer type deal.What happen in the movie ?
 people die.Is that it ?
 Yes.What be the plot about ?
 what plot ?
 what be the point the movie be try to make ?
 kill be the only solution.What be the character like ?
 extremely flawed and contradictive toward their own personalities.Is there anything good about this movie ?
 yes .
 I be sure they use some nice Panavision camera in film it.If you like constant killing and greed , then watch the movie .
 if you happen to be repulse by such low-standard 'entertainment ' , then 'Made Men ' be not for you.To sum it up , the plotline stink , the character be n't worth their while , the storyline be completely resistable , and nothing fit together.This prove one thing : the actor , director , and whoever help make this movie certainly be n't 'Made ' .
 the movie be steep in religion , so it be impossible to separate it from religion in comment upon it .
 in my opinion , this movie pretend to explore deep issue , but thrive on stereotype and prejudice ; with little true insight .
 what the people in the movie ( and therefore , the writer ) fail to see be grace .
 they fail to understand that God be the author of beauty and he be the creator of passion and sexual gratification in the proper context of marriage bond .
 to imply that the people of the society in which the story be base believe that nudity be sinful , and both the man & the woman enjoy the act of marriage be dirty , be just an oversimplification .
 such stereotype really do n't exist , for even Jewish holy writing speak clearly of the caring husband who will seek his wife 's pleasure before his own .
 Scripture say that a man ought to love his wife as his own flesh , and that no man ever hate his own flesh , but he nourish and cherish it .
 even if you want to ignore the New Testament , the writer & character completely ignore that there be passage such as the song of Solomon in the Old Testament , and the even the book of Proverbs which say , 'Rejoice in the wife of thy youth , let her breast satisfy you always ' !
 how can that be read in any way other way than that God know , and approve of , and smile on , the marital union and the enjoyment thereof ?
 real man do n't ignore the value and need of their wife .
 those that do deny a very basic teaching of the Judeo/Christian religion .
 God Never say those thing .
 it be absurd .
 Sonia rebel because of the misapplication of the teaching of the true God of Abraham .
 it do n't need to be so .
 how sad .
 what Sonia desperately need be TRUTH , not tradition .
 in know , love and obey God , we love other more ; before ourselves .
 that be the faith of the God of Abraham , Isaac , Jacob & Joseph ; once for all deliver to the Saints ; buy & pay for by Jesus Christ , the Righteous .
 but alright , ignore all this and abandon ancient , holy Scripture and turn to the wisdom of homeless people & ghost .
 that be a good plan .
 I would never recommend this movie ; partly because the sexual content be unnecessarily graphic , but also because it really do n't offer any valuable insight .
 check out 'Yentl ' if you want to see a much more useful treatment of Jewish tradition at odd with society .
 the come attraction to 'The Order ' make it seem like a decent horror mystery/thriller , but what we get be a plot that have potential to be excellent all throw together to form a pile of garbage.First off the whole movie consist of terrible dialogue and god awful special affect .
 the act be also nothing to be proud of , but Keath Ledger ( I think I spell that right .
 ) save the movie in this category.For heaven 's sake : DON'T See This Movie !
 if I only have one camera that be accidentally glue to the floor , enough film for only one take of each shot , and then lose all that film and have to scrounge up some buck to buy a few digital video tape , and be force to make an over-2-hour movie about the French revolution , and also do n't have any set and have to have my 4-year-old autistic son paint the background , and also the only actor I could find be the people who do n't make the audition of that year 's soap opera , and I be also force to not use any music in the entire film , and also the zoom function on the camera do n't work except for one time when it accidentally start zoom in and could n't stop , oh and if I hate my audience , then I might make something kind of like this awful , yet mistakenly hilarious , Hell-worthy waste of time .
 the almost grand look but completely fake look backdrop remind me of some of George Lucas ' late creation , which make it so much more disappointing because through the whole movie , there be that little glimmer of hope in the back of my mind that the film would climax in a lightsaber duel/space laser battle .
 I do n't mean to spoil the movie for those who have n't see it , but that be not how it end .
 the only thing I can think of that waste more time than watch this movie be write this review .
 peace .
 my first exposure to the Templarios & not a good one .
 I be excite to find this title among the offering from Anchor Bay Video , which have bring us other cult classic such as 'Spider Baby ' .
 the print quality be excellent , but this alone ca n't hide the fact that the film be deadly dull .
 there be a thrilling opening sequence in which the villager exact a terrible revenge on the Templars ( & set the whole thing in motion ) , but everything else in the movie be slow , ponderous & , ultimately , unfulfilling .
 add insult to injury : the movie be dub , not subtitle , as promise on the video jacket .
 stupid !
 stupid !
 stupid !
 I can not stand Ben still anymore .
 how this man be allow to still make movie be beyond me .
 I ca n't understand how this happen if I perform at work the way he act in a movie I will get fire and I own the company.....I would have to fire myself .
 god !
 this movie be just a plain , steam , stink pile of Poo , that need to be vapoorized if that be possible .
 something else I have to say the guideline about @card@ line of text in a comment be idiotic .
 what be wrong with just say a few thing about a movie ?
 I will never understand why site will require a short novel write when sometimes a brief comment be all that be necessary .
 we go into this movie because my husband have enjoy the original version of ` my favourite Martian ' .
 we have our @card@ year old daughter with us .
 she want to leave halfway through the movie which be fine with both her parent !
 the part we do see be only occasionally humorous , mostly either too silly or gross .
 I would expect that this movie might appeal to kid between @card@ , if that .
 it be definitely not suit for young child .
 from what I have hear the original series be by far superior and if you be go to 'relive the past ' you will probably be disappoint .
 this film be so bad and get bad in every imaginable fashion .
 its not just the poor acting and script nor be it the lame and perverse time one waste on watch it .
 what really put this film in my hall of shame be the apparent struggle that the writer and producer do with the film to try and make it funny .
 the actress replace Jean Reno 's descendant be to old and learn her lesson in the first film so they add a new girl who be to be marry .
 nearly all of the original extra and gag return however this time make me want to ripe my eye out of my socket because it be a waste of perfectly good film .
 the torture of the constant camera cut and shot in any scene in this movie can put the viewer into violent convolution .
 this second film take the successful original and drag it out of its coffin and parade the corpse out in the public square and perversely degrade not only the original idea and its legacy but our intelligence as well .
 this film unlike the spruce goose could not fly for it have no plot in the principal return for a 'necklace ' .
 no script since it be apparently write and add to daily .
 no attention to camera or shot in mind .
 poor lighting and special effect do for the sake of do so .
 this film would not even pass for a student film in basic Film @ord@ how this pile get through no one can tell .
 it be a big loosing investment and it appear that no one have the strength to put this unnatural cruel mistake out of our misery .
 this movie have one good part ...its end !
 this film be my #1 bad film of all time , finally 'Howard the Duck ' be no longer the goose .
 a one be the high rating I could have give this movie , consider zero and negative number be not allow .
 Pee yew , pointless mess of a movie with a lot of waste b-list actor who have do good work , write and direct by some guy with the mentality of a twelve year old who smirk and giggle at stupid pun , and poop and fart joke .
 for example , Gene Stapelton 's ( Ding-Bat from all in the Family ) character tell Marilu Henner 's character that she 'swings both way ' sexually , be a cheap attempt at humor indicative of the general lameness of the movie.. .
 you want good , cheeky humor ?
 Rent Animal House , American Pie ( part one only ) , Old School or Office Space .
 completely ridiculous 'period ' film be only a thin excuse for its extensive , graphic depiction of the heroine 's affair with 'the beast ' , a monster who supposedly appear every century to rape some woman .
 that be pretty much what he do , and the film 's depiction of the beast be really really awful ; it be basically a tall guy in a fur suit with a mask and a huge PVC tube for a hard-on that squirt copious amount of white liquid .
 for fan of fake animal porn , I guess maybe this be a real turn-on .
 I be amuse , however , by the open shot of horse have sex in a public square .
 this movie start slow , then taper off .
 after watch for about an hour , and see absolutely nothing happen , I walk out .
 I mean , nothing happen .
 zero .
 zip .
 Nada .
 there be no story .
 the character be vague representation of the most boring people any of us know .
 the producer of this film could be sue in a court of law if they try to sell it as a 'motion ' picture .
 there be no motion .
 I could have tell the same 'story ' with a couple still picture with caption .
 the script be a joke .
 it be just awful .
 I doubt that any script doctor in the world could save it .
 my big regret be not that I waste @card@ minute of my life watch 'Love in the Time of Money ' , but that I miss a great opportunity to be a leader .
 I could have be the first to walk out , but I wait a bit too long .
 instead , I watch about @card@ people walk out before me .
 'The Rainmaker ' release in @card@ - have some of the fine actor of its time .
 Katharine Hepburn , Lloyd Bridges , and Burt Lancaster be the principle player .
 not even they can save this completely over act melodrama .
 first of all , Hepburn be horribly miscast as a shy spinster - despite her brilliance as an actress , not even she can pull this off .
 she be too strong to be credible as be this much of a simpleton , and be just too old for the part .
 Lancaster over act to the extreme , and Earl Holliman be way too hammy and come off more like Jethro Clampett .
 only Bridges and the ever reliable Wendell Corey seem to rise above the cast a bit - but even they can only do so much .
 it seem like the @card@ 's be a time when Katharine Hepburn want to spread her wing a bit as an actress , and that be fine .
 she just make a bad choice here .
 fortunately for her fan ( me be among them ) she do n't make too many of them .
 despite an A-list cast and good production value , it do n't work .
 I really feel cheated after see this picture .
 it feel like I sit watch this movie @card@ minute for nothing .
 I do n't understand what they be think when they make this .
 it hardly get into Jeffrey Dahmer murder and it have no ending .
 it feel almost like they be leave this movie open for a sequel .
 it be like watch a television episode of the Sopranos .
 it end suddenly , and you know there be go to be another episode next week .
 it also feel like I just watch part @card@ to a two part movie .
 there be many possibility for what go wrong here ; they get lazy , they run out of money , they do n't know the rest of the story , they want to make a Dahmer @ord@ after see this movie they all sound very accurate .
 I be watch Jeffrey Dahmer walk through the wood .
 all of a sudden I hear this music playing , then writing come on the screen and say how Dahmer serve @card@ year of his sentence and be attack by a fellow inmate and kill at the age of @ord@ Wow , he go from a walk in the wood to his death in jail .
 how about show how he get there .
 how about show Dahmer 's trial .
 how about show some more detail .
 I ca n't even explain what happen in this movie because it jump all over the place .
 I actually find myself say in disbelief , 'That be it , that be the end ?
 ' I want to conclude this review by say there be still a good Dahmer movie yet to be make .
 to the filmmaker I will like to say , if you be go to do it , do it right .
 'Plan B ' be strictly by-the-numbers fare except for one thing .
 I surprisingly find it to be rather insulting.Jon Cryer be the 'star ' of this film and play his usual , smarmy , egotistical , snotty character that be actually endear in 'Pretty in Pink ' and have NOT be amuse ever since .
 grating do n't even begin to describe his performance .
 Ricky ( Mark Matheisen ) be a muscular , blonde , struggling actor who ( gasp !
 ) be only worry about his hair and get lay .
 talk about a stock character...ugh .
 at least the other three character be somewhat engage .
 Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a ground , optimistic , caring couple who be struggle to conceive .
 since they be not whiny drama queen , however , their role be apparently consider boring and they be n't give enough screen time .
 Sara Mornell round out the cast by play Gina , your usual nice and good-looking young woman who just ca n't seem to find the right partner in love .
 I have see this character a million time before but at least her performance overcome some of the shortfall cause by the predictability of her situation.What startle me about this film be its juvenile promotion of stereotype .
 they introduce a Russian character for the sole purpose of mock him and make fun of the way he talk .
 he be portray as be wild , ignorant and amazingly shallow .
 they be just get warm up though for the usual nonsense about gay .
 Gina decide to be gay for a while since she be n't have any luck with guy .
 honestly .
 that be n't that bad except they really go overboard when Gina bring a lesbian to a Christmas party her friend be throw .
 her lesbian date have very short hair ( like I be sure all lesbian do ) .
 she also get quite upset ( like I be sure all lesbian do ) when Gina have the nerve to put on lipstick( !
 ) .
 finally , her date go around the party hit on just about every woman there and mouth off when Gina express her disappointment .
 of course , we all know how gay people ca n't stay faithful for so much as a couple of hour much less month or even year , right ?
 ( please note the sarcasm in that statement .
 thank you.)This film be base on a tired and predictable premise to begin with but Cryer 's unlikable performance combine with the idiotic stereotype sink this movie to the low depth of cinema .
 @card@ I manage to grab a viewing of this with the aid of MST3K , and oh boy , even with the riff this movie be excruciatingly bad .
 imagine someone whose competence with a camera could be out do by a monkey.The highlight ( what little there be ) come from the special effect , which be 'OK ' .
 the acting for the most part be also 'OK ' ; though nothing special , it be of a high quality than other B-Movies I have see in the past.The rest of this movie be dismally bad , the camera work often look like they have just put the camera man on roller skate and push him along .
 the story ( if it can be call that ) be so full of hole it be almost funny , it never really explain why the hell he survive in the first place , or need human flesh in order to survive .
 the script be poorly write and the dialogue verge on just plane stupid .
 the climax to movie ( if there be one ) be absolutely laughable.If you ca n't find the MST3K version , avoid this at all cost .
 I see this movie in NEW York city .
 I be wait for a bus the next morning , so it be @card@ or @card@ in the morning .
 it be rain , and do not want to wait at the Port AUTHORTY .
 so I go across the street and see the bad film of my life .
 it be so bad , that I choose to stay and see the whole movie,I have yet to see anything else that bad since .
 the year be 69,so call me crazy .
 I stay only because I could not belive it........ .
 be that I love the original 'Caligula ' even with all its flaw , I have to say this remake trailer be abysmal.Listening to Jovovich say in that lazy American accent 'Mmm cuhligyooluh.. .
 ' make me feel sick .
 the set do n't look Roman at all.. .
 it look like some rich actor 's Hollywood mansion backyard , and the Roman costume look like cheap crap you buy at a suburban costume shop.That 'charming ' Adriana Asti look like a fifty year old Hispanic woman totally terrify out of her mind , as if not know it be a movie trailer.The acting have get to be some of the bad I have ever see , with most of the line I hear being random actor scream 'CALIGULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 ' as loudly and obnoxiously annoyingly as they can.The random sex scene also fill a good @card@ or @card@ % of the trailer , and the scene with notable actors/actresses like Gerard Butler ( who grace the screen in shadow for all of three and a half second ) not do anything but look uncomfortable or go all-out over the top with their minimal line , just drag it down with the ridiculousness of their delivery.Courtney Love 's part consist of her look like her usual dumpy crack-whore self lean against a door mumble about the moon or something .
 you ca n't tell because she be either drunk or high or just mumble idiotically.Karen Black be just annoying.. .
 randomly laugh , and scream in such a way that irritate you.Helen Mirren.. .
 she be in the original , and her return to 'Caligula ' consist of.. .
 'CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALIGULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 ' I particularly 'love ' ( and by love , I mean hate ) Ennia 's line , 'Caligola.. .
 j00 no maki me *something incoherent*... .
 *something that sound like j00nalo* ' it be also insanely arrogant to say Caligula 's four year reign be great than Jesus 's birth and death.Honestly , this have get to be the bad , most exploitative , self-indulgently arrogant piece of crap label as 'art ' I have ever see .
 even if Gore Vidal hate the original Caligula , he should n't have show up or give his name over for this crap-pile , no matter how much they pay him ( unless it be a billion trillion yen ) .
 bad trailer ever .
 admittedly , I watch this piece with already very low expectation .
 Dieter Bohlen be a rather untalented composer parvenu whose lack of talent be only surpass by the size of his ego.This be the first cartoon movie that I watch that be @card@ per cent humor free .
 it be rude , offensive , redneck and blatantly anti- woman .
 as such , it be a creation befit Bohlen , but the average viewer will be rather put off by it .
 no wonder that it be never show in a cinema theater : it would have bomb Big time !
 not even the expense of @card@ MegaEuros be able to save this utter piece of crap .
 save your time.. .
 and money !
 though I have hear that 'Cama de Gato ' be the bad Brazilian movie of the decade , I watch it give it a chance ; after all , first-time director/producer/writer Alexandre Stockler manage to make his debut feature ( shoot in video ) for just US$ @card@ and -- though it look even cheap -- I ca n't begin to imagine all he go through to finally get it exhibit in theater with no big sponsor or production company behind it ( then as I watch it I realize why ) .
 but whatever chance you be ready to give to 'Cama de Gato ' , they shrink to zero within @card@ minute : it be an unbelievably preposterous , verbose , ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray Brazilian upper-middle class youth as a bunch of spoiled neo-Nazis hook on bad sex , drug and violence ( and they be make to look like closet gay too ) , make with no visible trace of talent , imagination , expertise or notion of structure .
 visually and aurally , it recall the bad amateur stuff you can find on YouTube -- only here it last NINETY TWO ( count them ) minute of unrelenting hysteria and clumsiness , and it be not even funny-bad.We have all see the story before : bored young guy want to have fun , go party , take drug and everything go wrong -- there be gang-rape , spanking , murder , the accidental death ( fall down the staircase !
 !
 ) of the mother of one of the boy , culminate with the boy decide to burn the corpse of the girl and the mother in a garbage landfill .
 moral and literal garbage , get it ?
 the film be heavily influence by Larry Clark ( especially 'Kids ' and 'Bully ' ) , but Clark 's film -- though also moralist and sexploitative -- be high-class masterwork compare to this crap.I do n't think there be ever such monomaniacal drive in a filmmaker to stick his idea down the audience 's throat : Stockler grab us by the collar and try to force his non-stop moralist rant into our brain by repetition and exhaustion -- you DO get numb-minded with so much babble , yell , inept direction , shaky camera and terrible acting go on .
 Stockler do n't care a bit about technique ( the quality of the image , frame , sound recording , soundtrack song , dialog , set , edit , etc be uniformly appalling ) , but he be a narcissistic control-freak : he anticipate the criticism he be bind to get by add subtitle with smartie/cutie comment , and by make the protagonist comment at one point how far-fetched and phony it all be ( I could relate to THAT).Despite his megalomaniac ambition , Stockler seem incapable of give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure -- he ca n't even decide if he want gritty realism ( hand-held video camera etc ) or stylization ( repetition of scene , use of alternate take , etc ) .
 damn , he ca n't even decide WHERE to put his camera ( there be use of subjective camera for the Three lead ) !
 the dialog feature some of the most stupefyingly banal verbosity ever ; the plot exist simply to justify the director 's profound hatred for his character and what they stand for .
 all you see be a filmmaker be hateful , preachy , condemn , moralize without the benefit of a minimum of talent ( or technique ) to go with it.It be very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess .
 certainly one of the most promising young film actor in Brazil , with his sleepy-eyed puppy dog look and emotional edge that often recall Sal Mineo 's , Blat can be highly effective under good direction ( as in 'Carandiru ' , 'Lavoura Arcaica ' , 'Proibido Proibir ' ) .
 here , he be tell to go over the top and he have to play with some of the most embarrassingly under-equipped 'actors ' in recent memory .
 he also enter the risky realm of graphic sexploitation scene ( so goddawful they look rather like web-cam porn).The film open and end with real interview with 'typical ' ( ?
 ) middle-class youth -- Stockler want us to take those interview as 'proof ' of what he be try to preach in fiction .
 but he blatantly despise and make fun of his interviewee , select a highlight of abject , racist , sexist , stupid statement ( which only show asshole exist everywhere ) .
 Stockler want to prove that Brazilian middle-class youth be ALL present or future fascist BECAUSE they be middle-class and enjoy recreational drug ( be he say all neo-fascists be on drug ?
 ?
 or that drug potentialize fascist behavior ?
 ?
 I could n't tell).With its dogmatic self-righteousness , headache-inducing technique and mind-bending boredom , 'Cama de Gato ' be bad for a @card@ reason but , above all , it be harmful in a very insidious manner : it give detractor of Brazilian cinema a powerful case of argument .
 'Cama de Gato ' be well unwatched , unmentioned , bury and forget .
 at the end of the film I just ask myself :'is it the bad movie I have ever see or be it the bad movie I have ever see ?
 ' .
 and the answer is.. .
 actually , after have see this movie and think a bit about the meaning of it , you just ca n't find any meaning and you can only remember the two rape scene , which be unbelievably brutal and useless .
 it seem to me as if the director try to push this question into the crowd 's head : 'what be such crime compare to horror of war and extermination ?
 ' because i notice that the two awful scene where directly connect to war and it be horror ( during the first scene you can here the girl that be be rape scream and in the same time you hear one of president Bush 's speech about the necessity of start a war with Iraq and in the second scene , the picture of the three criminal stick a sword in a woman 's vagina , be directly follow by archive picture of World war II .
 but as a matter of fact , i really could not think about the relative gravity of thesis two different kind of human horror 's expression , be do i be too shock by what i have just see and feel .
 ( sorry for bad English ) 'Drawing Restraint @card@ ' be a kind of movie one either love or hate ; fortunately or not , I leave it with a strong feeling of waste time and of be thoroughly stuff with 'killing whale be bad ' propaganda .
 aesthetically , the movie could have be pleasing , especially its first half , until it be not clear that every action portray serve as an allegory of various aspect of whale hunting .
 until then , it might be slightly amusing to look at daily chore of japan worker , but later it become obvious that anything that appear on the screen be a propaganda , and no single frame be an exception .
 I use the word 'propaganda ' because the movie use basically the old morality play device , where 'good ' and 'bad ' be not deduce in the course of action but be set in stone .
 probably it be just me , but I find such type of art shallow and preconceive , even when it be all about the noble ( no sarcasm here ) quest of protect the environment.In my opinion it be a cardinal sin when a movie material be stretch out without any justification , for the sake of stretch only .
 in my opinion , 'Drawing Restraint @card@ ' could have be easily fit into @card@ minute , but have a torturous length of @card@ and @card@ hour .
 yes , there be interesting shot , but there be not enough of these to leave 15-minute gap of nothingness without notice .
 the movie have no standard scenario , and there be no evolution of character , but neither it be a documentary , it be rather a kind of conceptual installation .
 that be an unusual form for a movie , but it still can be view as art even when the concept be as simple and naive as here .
 OTOH I also believe that the director should have have some honesty and do not pretend that it could be only deliver in no less than @card@ minutes.And yes , the music score mostly resemble whale sound .
 how surprising.2/10 .
 as gently as I can , I sincerely believe this movie be a waste of time .
 I do not find it the 'warm , emotionally satisfying ' film other do .
 I find it boring , with music that distract from the film .
 the story be thin , the character overdraw , and the direction pedestrian.Fooey.Now I be go to write some more about this movie , so I make the @card@ line minimum .
 there really be n't more to be say and brevity be important , but IMDb have its minimum , so here goes.Young eager kid find nascent talent , seek time with aging , embitter mentor in spite of father 's cartoonish homophobia .
 aging , embitter mentor turn out to drink a lot and teach very little .
 conflict arise .
 while I do n't think this be a spoiler , I have add the warning in case someone feel this much information be too much.Mostly , I just find the film boring and pretentious .
 a waste of my time .
 I honestly do n't understand what little fuss there seem to be , mostly on this web site , about the transcendent quality of this movie .
 I think it be really worth avoid .
 but , as Dennis Miller use to say , 'Maybe I be wrong .
 ' I ca n't believe we watch this total piece of crap but we do and I feel obligate to warn other to avoid it at all cost .
 when one of the main character announce that he be gay twice in the first five minute , do n't ignore it as typical PC nonsense and figure it have to get good because it wo n't .
 if his faggoty boyfriend hang all over him do n't make you sick , then be thankful the freak who write and/or direct this grossout be somehow attempt a little restraint .
 I mean , get real .
 it be one thing for there to be a gay character appear in a movie in such screw up time as these but quite another to have it continually slap on the screen and examine up close and personal when the the liner note clearly state the flick be suppose to be about a mother seek some sort of 'closure ' over the sudden death of her daughter .
 what do one thing have to do with the other , one might be tempt to ask ?
 apparently , the two issue be inextricably interweave .
 and if that be n't bad enough , there be the bearded lady at the ice cream parlor .
 I mean , seriously , have n't that poor woman ever hear of electrolysis ?
 why must she go around like that ?
 at the very least , how about shave the ugly thing off , and while you be at it , have those horrible mole remove , too .
 would you slurp up some ice cream she just serve you ?
 I think not .
 it must be a New Jersey thing.You will think Diane Keaton might save this piece of drek , but think again .
 be she actually try to put lipstick on a corpse ?
 I do n't even wanna think about it .
 so what if the body be suppose to be that of her own dead daughter .
 this grotesque excuse for cinema be slop from the word go and that be all there be to it .
 one wish that each of these character would simply walk out into the wave and just keep go .
 none of these flaky people even remotely gain our sympathy for an instant .
 trust me -- pass this piece of crap up .
 it be not about death , a mother who inadvertently suffocate her daughter , or even the other much more unsavory issue it keep bring up no matter how little you want to hear it .
 it be a load of perverted trash from a misguided and talentless director .
 have the original casting idea be keep ( hunting Rutger , not Ice-T ) , this movie might have work .
 sadly , racism have to come into the picture ( literally ) and mess it up .
 the predominantly black production staff could n't allow the antagonist be black , so they swap Rutger 's and Ice-T 's role .
 this be only the start of the downward spiral of this film .
 Ernest Dickerson 's news-room approach to 'directing ' only verify that this be another affirmative-action job assignment .
 master shot , close up , close up .
 gad , 'Who 's Line I it Anyway ' even use more creative camera work .
 Eric 's rewrite of 'The most dangerous game ' be at least an attempt at modernize the classic tale , but fail to give us any motivation for why the character be do this .
 we be never give the reason , other than 'no one will miss these people ' , why the leader ( re-written as Rutger ) do these thing .
 aside from a heart-felt performance by John McGinley , and a fair job by Charles Dutton , do not bother with this one .
 one small bit of trivia , there be a real drunk-driving accident during film that injured F.Murray Abraham , and result in the death of the intoxicate young driver that cause the accident .
 possible spoiler , perhaps .
 I must say that 'Cinderella II : dream come true ' be one of the bad movie ever make .
 first of all , the movie be make during the height of Disney 's sequel rampage .
 it be create around the same time as 'The Little Mermaid II , ' 'The Jungle Book II , ' and 'Peter Pan II , ' all of which be disservice to their original film classic .
 ( Disney also make 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame II ' and 'Atlantis II , ' but I be go to drop that topic because their original movie be never really classic in the first place .
 ' ) let me go ahead and say that I be an avid supporter of good Disney film , and I absolutely adore the original Disney 'Cinderella .
 ' the sequel to 'Cinderella , ' however , be a waste of time .
 the character of Cinderella in the sequel be so very unlike the original girl that I grow up watch .
 in the original , Cinderella be kind and loving .
 the new Cinderella have very out-of-character moment with current-era phrase like , 'I be go to do this banquet my way !
 ' let me also tell you that new Cinderella ( as I have affectionately name her ) say , 'Ewww !
 ' that be the anti-Cinderella .
 I try to find the good in people , but in the sequel , Anastasia , one of the stepsister , be good !
 what the heck ?
 why ?
 they make it all out to be like Lady Tremaine and Drizella be just horrible family member for poor little Anastasia .
 my question to the world : do the people at Disney watch the original 'Cinderella ' when make this sequel ?
 well , it surely do n't seem so .
 if I remember correctly , Anastasia be just as abusive to Cinderella as Drizella and Lady Tremaine .
 I be all for redemption and forgiveness , but there be no point of redemption for Anastasia in this movie .
 in the first one , Anastasia be evil .
 in the second one , she be good .
 one just ca n't leave a story like this .
 I hope Disney realize that this movie , among other movie , be shame Walt Disney 's name .
 perhaps now that Michael Eisner be go , thing will start shape up around the House of Mouse .
 I have see some pretty bad movie , and this be right up there .
 no plot to speak of , it be like one of those bad coma episode on a soap-opera .
 I just want to smack that little girl because , well let just say , she be real suspicious all the way through the movie .
 the monster run around wear some bling be funny .
 I also see a bit of 'Silent Hill ' in there .
 and I read that this be do by , and or stare a Finnish metal band , Lordi .
 so it be no wonder that it do n't make much sense .
 it seem to be a vehicle for promote there band and nothing more .
 the FX be very good , the look of the movie , the monster , and even the act also good .
 but the story and the tell of it , just be n't there .
 how sad to see the beautiful and talented Tina Louise reduce to make this horrible excuse for a film .
 Tina still look fit and attractive , but for some reason seem truly frightened .
 I can understand her fear ; fear that this 3rd rate stinker would somehow be release to the general public .
 also , I be a fan of the likable Adam West .
 again , as with Tina , Adam look good and in great shape for a man his age .
 his acting here be passable , but the script be so bad , that it be difficult to even listen to the dialog.The movie be a rip-off of the classic Brando biker flick , the Wild Ones ; out-law biker gang be out-of-control in a small hick-town .
 the biker here look like a motley group and I sure would n't want them to date my sister .
 the acting be stiff and wooden , and the story-plot be as old as sand .
 Hellriders be hell to watch !
 can I please say first of all , that I feel so strongly about this movie that I sign up to IMDb specifically to review it .
 and my review ?
 this be easily the bad movie I have ever seen.The synopsis of the movie sound interesting- Nazi , occult , time travel , etc .
 , but the movie plot fail to properly bring all these element together .
 remember the episode of South Park that feature manatee write Family Guy use 'idea ball ' ?
 do these manatee also write unholy ?
 its like the writer want to include all these different idea , but have no idea how to link them all together , and then to make thing make even less sense , include a Donnie Darko-esquire time travel theme to the ending , mess up the chronology.I could tell from early on that this be a bad movie .
 special effect be too low budget for anything well than straight to DVD .
 the act be n't great , but in fairness I have see bad .
 I will praise the Nazi painting , they be creepy , but the evil Nazi butcher guy be just comic.I do n't have a vendetta against this movie or anything , but to be honest , I be not even into the horror genre .
 but this movie can be describe as a thriller or a drama .
 if this story have be well tell , this would have be a good movie .
 but it have be over hyped .
 Waaaaay over hyp .
 Manmohan Desai make some entertaining though illogical film like AAA , PARVARISH and NASEEB but he make some crap like COOLIE and MARD and then GJSThis movie be one of the bad movie ever make by him the dial become famous Mard ko dard nahin hota but the film be so bad you cringeThe British be make carricatures and the film look so weird the scene in the British hotel be damn stupidThe film have many stupidity like Amrita assault Amitabh and then the entire scene plus towards the climax the film become even bad there be more gem like the horse statue get life , the mask of Amitabh haha and moreDirection by Manmohan Desai be bad music be okayAmitabh do his part with style , nothing different from COOLIE , LAAWARIS type role Amrita Singh be okay Satyen Kapuu be okay Prem Chopra be as usual , Nirupa Roy be again her usual self Dara Singh be also as usual OK , plain and simple , if you be a fan of the other Tomb Raider game ( yes , even AOD ) Keep AWAY From LEGEND.It be , without doubt , the most disappointing TR game yet .
 it look very nice , it sound very nice , but it be totally unplayable and I have give up .
 I feel like I have be rob by Eidos.It 's very simple .
 TR be a PC game before anything else .
 you control Lara use the keyboard .
 in @card@ Tomb Raider game the control be standard .
 in AOD they be 'tacky ' , but still the same general control sequence .
 in Legend they have change her movement and control method completely and she be totally uncontrollable.I have see comment elsewhere from people who say 'Use the mouse ' .
 no , why should I ?
 other say 'Use a gamepad ' .
 no , why should I ?
 other say 'But this have be the standard for 3rd person control for year ' well , I do n't care , it be not the standard for any other TR game so why mess with it .
 oh , I know , because they could n't care less about their original , loyal fan base , they want to cash in on the new kid who have n't even hear of the series until the movie come out and make lot more money .
 Pathetic.My advice to any serious TR fan be keep away from this game , and if you do buy it complain to Eidos .
 I have see mass of other post , mainly on the Eidos forum , from people tell them how rubbish it be , perhaps they will listen .
 truly show that hype be not everything .
 show by and by what a crappy actor abhishek be and be only get movie because of his dad and his wife .
 Amitabh as always be solid .
 Ajay Devgan as always be shitty and useless and the new guy be a joke .
 the lead lady be such a waste of an actor .
 such pathetic movie from such a revere director and from such a big industry .
 with movie as such I have decrease the amount of bollywood movie I watch.RGV have be make very crappy movie for a while now .
 time to get different actor .
 Hrithek anyone ?
 Bollywood need Madhuri and Kajol back .
 every other lead lady be a half-naked wanna be .
 Pffffft .
 have previously enjoy Wesley Snipes in several action flick and I have expect a lot more , even from a score of @card@ IMDb , the movie fail to entertain and even though the story be thin and unoriginal , the acting be most unfortunately thin and go to mimic a 'worst case scenario ' of play 'strong ' feeling accompany by some bad acting.. .
 do n't waist your time this movie snt entertaining , if you wanna cry it might suffice though , even though your tear will be weep due to see Wesley Snipes in the tragic action film wannabe comedy...I give this @card@ it really be awful , if you wanna see a decent movie go see shooter or rent it , its all the good thing this movie be n't .
 wow .
 this be probably the bad DCOM ever .
 I watch the first half hour and I laugh .
 Brenda Song play Wendy , the popular girl with the hot jock boyfriend and stick up friend who be determine to be homecoming Queen .
 she be suppose to save the world as a warrior , and Shin come to her aid to help her with her Martial art .
 Shin teach her the skill of a snake , tiger , etc .
 and she have to learn certain technique to save the world.This movie be great for kid who want to learn about Martial art and the Chinese culture but the acting and casting be horrible.Brenda Song be a comedic actress and I ca n't see her play a serious role .
 it be laugh out loud funny watch her cry over Shin .
 Shin could n't act at all , and everything be totally unbelievable.I watch this movie and try to think of something similar , and the thing I come up with be the Power Rangers .
 this movie be so fake and the stunt be so Power Ranger-esquire that it be just corny and stupid .
 the character be n't likable and I just could n't stand to watch it .
 Disney really need to take time to make some decent movie .
 High School Musical be the only movie that deserve to be on Disney Channel , along with other movie like Jumping Ship , Color of Friendship , Go Figure , read it and Weep , & Stuck in the Suburbs.If you like action-adventure and corny joke , you will like this movie .
 this movie be weak ,The box-cover say East LA 's tough gang and it be really Santa Ana 's , James Cahill act like a closet queen take down all the tough guy in the tough Chlo gang .
 it be fake , boring , senseless and whack , I try to get my money back from the video store this movie be so bad .
 it be also on the homo-erotic tip far from what the video-box proclaim .
 James Cahill should act in Gay Porno .James be in every scene , he can act to save his life .
 the film feature Eva Longoria who be hot but James ca n't even score with her !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 I feel at time I be watch Gay Porn and be turn - off by the whole film .
 James clearly want be to be with man but rather then submit to his gay desire he beat up gang member over and over and over again .
 his martial Arts skill be minimal at good , some real gang member would take him and his weak skill and rip him a new one .
 this be a truly abysmal ` Lock STOCK ' clone with a stellar cast and a terrible script .
 I have no idea why so many top British actor sign up to this junk , they must have be bribe .
 a miss match of a storyline go on forever and ever and ever and if I have n't have pay good money for it I will have turn it off after @card@ minute .
 not the bad film ive ever see , that honour go to the truly pathetic use bogroll of a movie ' ( I use the term loosely ) ` Gummo ' ( I feel like sue that so call ` director ' for the lose hour and a half of my life ) but this trash be nearly right down there with it .
 definitely one of the bad @card@ film I have ever see .
 stuff like this remind Hollywood that they do n't have a monopoly on truly awful film .
 awful !
 absolutely awful !
 no plot , no point , no end .
 it look like the director turn the camera on and then the whole crew go to lunch .
 every day .
 I be try to GIVE this video away but no one will take it .
 I be give it a @card@ instead of a @card@ because I like Benigni .
 Roger , I be go to have to say thumb down on this one .
 this movie be make for Asian/Chinese market , target particularly fan of Jay Chou , one of the big music star in Asian.Jay Chou be a very talented song writer/singer .
 he be mediocre as an actor , although he do appear in several big-budget production ( 'initial D ' , 'Curse of the Golden Flower ' ) .
 amazingly , he win both golden horse ( taiwan ) and Hong Kong film award for 'initial D'.The support cast be very well choose , which appeal basically everyone from China .
 the cast include many famous movie/TV actor , singer , even sport commentator ( Huang Jianxiang from China ) .
 however , they be not give enough time to show their talents.The big mistake be that Chu take over both director and writer position .
 he have a reputation of make shallow and brainless movie base off non-coherent script .
 with his poor directing and lam story , the whole talented cast , fancy vision effect and tone of production money be wasted.However , the terrible movie successfully cash in over @card@ million dollar , maybe even more in Asian , which make this one of the big box office success in Asian.The bottom line be : you can watch this movie only if you want to see how money and talent be waste , or if you be simply accompany your kid who be fan of Jay Chou .
 how many more of those fake 'slice of life ' movie need to be make ?
 hopefully not too many.Raising Victor Vargas be a very self-conscious attempt by the director Peter Solett at garner the attention of Hollywood .
 nothing wrong with that in general .
 what be wrong with this film in particular be that it ignore the audience and pile on every clich in the book of supposedly 'edgy ' Hollywood independent production.It be suppose to be 'real ' so left shake the camera 'documentary style ' , except no documentarian would shake the camera on purpose...It 's 'edgy ' so let 's not waste any time light the film.It 's 'hip ' , so let be have the child use swear word like Al Pacino in Scarface...And so on , and so forth .
 all that you be left with be a very self-conscious attempt at impress Hollywood that wo n't impress anyone outside of the 'rarefied ' indie crowd that seem to still heap acclaim on every bad film .
 I like British humor , I believe it be one of the good in the world .
 I like almost every British sitcom ( okay.. .
 maybe not Monthy Python , some of the joke be great , but some of them I do n't understand .
 ) , but this League of Gentlemen be just something good to make you sick .
 this show be good in some way ; it help me lose some weight because watch this piece of garbage make me feel I be not hungry anymore .
 this be really just disgusting , sick and not even funny TV show and I wonder who be actually laugh at this stuff .
 I watch it for about @card@ minute and turn it off .
 it be so disgusting , watch man dress in the woman with yellow tooth and urinate on the car.. .
 I mean.. .
 what be so funny about that ?
 ?
 ?
 it make me wanna puke .
 no humor , just disturb image and cheap , toilet laughs.. .
 I do n't know.. .
 if you like this stuff.. .
 you go ahead.. .
 watch it.. .
 but to be honest , people watch and enjoy this must have some emotional problem .
 garbage .
 in a summer that also boast such repugnant stinker as Snakes on a Plane and the Da Vinci Code , that be a pretty bold statement .
 but I stand by it nonetheless .
 superman return , like King Kong @card@ month before it , be overlong , hyper-indulgent and with CGI up to the eyeball .
 My God , this stuff be do my head in.Richard Donner have the idea of 'keep it real ' for his @card@ outing .
 and I do find his approach to the special and optical effect to be the most appropriate .
 Brian Singer bombard us with so much CGI that it really take you out of the story and constantly remind you that you be watch a wannabe blockbuster that think that the only way to impress an audience be to spend $250 million ( a totally irresponsible amount of money ) on obnoxious visual effect that do n't live up to the hype .
 we have see everything and be everywhere that CGI can take us .
 there be no real atmosphere or involvement in this .
 and for a film that be @card@ % make up of this crap...well you figure it out.I have read so many review from fanboy critic about how the movie have 'soul ' or 'a human heart ' or 'tender character moment ' .
 Puh-lease !
 we have already have brood superheros silently scream 'you will love me if you know who I be ' dozen of time already in recent year and SR offer absolutely NOTHING new in this regard .
 even the plot be recycled garbage .
 Lex Luthor ( a seriously mis-cast and hammy Kevin spacey ) plot to destroy the landmass of America be do in the first film already !
 and , well...that be your lot !
 it be amazing that they manage to draw out this junk to @card@ painful hour !
 even if the cast be likable it would make it less unbearable .
 but Brandon Routh have the on screen personality of a mahogany hat-stand , Kate Bosworth be completely unconvincing as a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist , James Marsden be @card@ % wooden , as usual and Kevin spacey really need to either fire his agent or acquire some good judgement .
 the only cast member I like be the lovely Parker Posey .
 but I be into weird-looking girls.Every year film like this get big and more bombastic .
 pretty soon we will have $300 million film .
 studio need to realise that maybe they should start look down instead of look up .
 for all the money that Warner spend on this pile of crap , for all the resource that this movie cost to make...was it worth it ?
 in my opinion , certainly not !
 this garbage have put me of Superman for life !
 there be time during the movie I wish I have be beat to death .
 the only reason I endure the entirety of the movie be because I could n't believe how bad it really be and think it must get well .
 this truly be a horror film .
 I be horrify that I waste what seem like @card@ hour of my life that I will never get back .
 the other two hour I spend mourn at the loss .
 please recommend this movie to whomever you wish to torture and tell them the suspense will kill them .
 the movie be terrible !
 !
 !
 easily the bad movie I have see in the past few year .
 one of those movie I will be able to tell people for the next three year that it be the bad movie I can think of .
 thank you for give me an answer to that burning question 'What be the bad movie you have see ?
 ' Answer : Celestine Prophecy .
 Trust me...I read the book , enjoy the message and be excite to see the movie , but then , they treat the audience like we be r*tarded .
 there be no story and the story that be there be cripple by too much magic and coincidence .
 it be too bad they have to spell out the nine prophecy and ca n't simply weave them into a story that be entertaining to follow .
 they do n't spend any time on character development and it be easy to not care if any character die .
 it be embarrassing to be one of the few people who stick around until the end of this incredibly boring movie .
 the book be pretty bore too but I enjoy the parallel that could be see in everyday life while you read the book .
 the film do not offer the same opportunity and I would suggest not see it if you want to continue to hold the word of the book close to your heart .
 DON'T See This Movie .
 trust me .
 the only reason that this movie be rate a @card@ be that zero be not one of the selection option .
 with a plot thin than depression era cabbage soup , horrific acting , and special effect that look like they come out of the 'Thunderbirds ' TV series , it be amazing that Widmark do n't kill the director for put this black mark on his resume .
 even by @card@ 's standard , the special effect be atrocious , except for a couple of underwater submarine sequence .
 I can only assume that it be nominate for good special effect because , except for @card@ league under the Sea and Them !
 , there be n't anybody else do effect .
 it be certainly no contest for Disney that year if this be their only competition .
 I would n't recommend the film , even for hard core submarine movie buff , as the most realistic scene on the submarine be limit to one shot where seawater can be see dribble down the up-raised periscope .
 there be other , much good , sub film that you can enjoy from this era , like the aforementioned @card@ Leagues or Torpedo Run .
 the tortuous emotional impact be degrading , whether adult or adolescent the personal value show in this movie belong in a bad psychodrama if anywhere at all .
 this movie have a plot , but it be all evil from start to end .
 this be no way for people to act and degrade both sex all the way through the movie .
 teen killing - bad preteen sex - bad emotional batter - bad animal cruelty - bad psychological torture - bad parental neglect - bad the only merit if any be the excellent color shot of contrast red , blond and green leaf a bad feeling for anyone that respect life and peace , what a bad mistake to make , or to watch.. .
 it be UGLY as hard as it be for me to believe , with all of the awful reality show out there over the past few year , this one have to take over the top spot for bad one yet .
 I be still wonder if this be actually just a spoof do by the SCTV gang .
 if Andy Kaufmann be still alive I will be sure he be behind this .
 can a rock band stoop any lower than have INXS to do such a shameful thing as this ?
 the premise be simple and moronic .
 audition a bunch of karaoke reject to become the new lead singer of INXS , to take the place of Michael Hutchence ( who commit suicide in @card@ ) .
 eight year and no hit later , the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subject themselves to audition a bunch of talentless wannabe to be the new lead singer of a band that be @card@ year past its prime .
 so they trot all of these awful singer ( I think American Idol have its share of doozies ) who do atrocious rendition of just about every classic ( and predictable ) rock song imaginable .
 and then they cut to the INXS band member who be seriously discuss the merit of each of these candidate .
 you could see good ( and more original ) rock performer at just about any night club in any city in the world.It have all the usual uncreative element of every other reality show .
 lame reality participant , lame interview , lame host/emcee , lame 'judging ' of performance , and the lame boot of one participant at the end of each show .
 can these show get any more predictable ?
 it be clearly a publicity stunt on the part of the band ; a last gasp of hope at rekindle their lose stardom before they be finally bury into oblivion .
 Michael Hutchence , if he have any shred of dignity when alive , have to be roll over in his grave .
 not that INXS be ever a great band , but I have no idea they be this pathetic .
 if INXS be at all representative of what rock and roll have become , this show would be the final proof that rock and roll be once and for all , dead .
 this be just a joke of a movie,they lose me already at the opening scene ( Spoilerwarning ) dangerous creature kill other creature in his cage,this be watch by a scientist that work there on a monitor and guess what she does,well let go in to the cage to check the stuff out,omg how dumb do those writer think human being be come on thats the same like jump in a fish tank with a great white shark because it eat your goldfish...Pretty useless and even more dumber.And i will not even talk about the cast because they be n't worth the effort .
 why they do n't fire the guy that write that immediately be a mystery to me.....And this kinda dumbness continue the entire movie .
 only good thing where the cgi that be well then average for these kinda low-budget movies.If these kinda thing do n't bother you go see it,but be warn if your IQ be above @card@ you will probably hate it .
 I see this not too long ago , and I must say : this movie be terrible .
 I watch crappy movie for fun .
 Scarecreow be not fun .
 scarecrow be stupid .
 you have an incredibly corny villain that enjoy scream awful pun as he kill his victims(actually bad than the one contain in this sentence ) .
 he have his hard luck story that he use to justify his killing .
 'Everyone pick on me .
 the only girl that think I be not trailer-trash like one of the guy that pick on me .
 I want to kill everybody .
 Wah .
 ' OK , I be exaggerate .
 but the premise to this movie alone be enough to put it near the bottom of the list of crappy movies.Adding to what I just say , the kid 's mom be promiscuous , he walk in on his mother and her current boyfriend get it on , mom 's boyfriend tell him to leave , kid refuse , insist that he be n't go to leave his own house .
 boyfriend chase kid into corn field .
 he kill kid right in front of mom , mom scream in terror , boyfriend be like , 'OMG !
 I do n't mean to !
 ' then he tell mom not to say anything to the police about it .
 kid be kill under a scarecrow , though .
 so , like any kid who get murder under a scarecrow , he come back as a killer scarecrow with a vengeance .
 his victim 'have n't be stalk like this before.. .
 ' ( Scarecrow 's official tag line)To make matter worse , this movie be film in a whopping @card@ day .
 that be right , @card@ day .
 I be go to give this movie a @card@ , because in spite of itself , it have one or two redeeming moment .
 ( they be spoiler , so I wo n't spoil it for you , if you actually want to see this crap .
 ) I could have somewhat forgive the bad acting , the horrible special effect , the abysmal script , and the bad camera work , but I simply have no respect for lack of effort on that level.This movie be n't nearly as good as I be make it out to be .
 if you want to see an example of how not to make a movie , or if you enjoy watch bad movie , like I do , then watch this at your own risk .
 everyone else should stay a safe distance away from this movie at all time .
 this film take what could have be a good idea , a mummify @card@ year old witch and completely destroy it .
 Nora and Jim be alcoholic who go to Ireland to dry-out .
 they go to stay with her Nan and Uncle .
 the uncle have discover a @card@ year old witch preserve in the peat .
 he revive her and she take the form of Nora .
 she can be kill conventionally,(more be the pity ) .
 Nora , however , work out a way to do so.This be a Gothic horror movie that have be do on the cheap .
 it be a sprawling mess .
 I have to ask why anyone would want to make such a bad film .
 I be tempt to learn witchcraft in order to make it disappear.AVOID AT ALL cost just when I think I would finish a whole year without give a single movie a 'Bomb ' rating , a friend bring this notorious turd to my house last night .
 I fear the bad know its reputation , and it be as God-awful as I have anticipate .
 this be a Mexican-made mess , dub into English , and produce by K. Gordon Murray .
 it be get terrible set and effect , and feature a rather frightening Santa who do n't operate at the North Pole , but instead from a cloud in outer space , and who do n't have little elf help him make his toy but rather all different group of child from practically every country there be .
 the opening sequence , where St .
 Nick chuckle heartily as he observe monitor show all these kiddy work hard while sing terrible holiday song in a variety of language , seem to go on forever , and with no story .
 obviously , This Santa Claus do n't observe the child labor law !
 eventually we get some nasty and slinky red-suited apprentice of the devil himself travel from hell to Earth , just to make little kid naughty and turn Santa 's Christmas Eve round into a nightmare .
 watch this movie be a trippy and twisted experience , and it be bind to frighten little child and turn them off Santa Claus and the holiday forever .
 oddly , the name of Jesus Christ be mention often in this Christmas film , which somehow make it all the creepy in the context of all the bizarre thing that be go on .
 this easily make my personal list of the 'Worst movie I have ever Seen ' , but I be sure that be nothing unique .
 this movie try hard , but completely lack the fun of the 1960s TV series , that I be sure people do remember with fondness .
 although I be @card@ , I watch some of the series on YouTube a long time ago and it be enjoyable and fun .
 sadly , this movie do little justice to the series.The special effect be rather substandard , and this be n't help by the flat camera-work .
 the script also be dull and lack any sense of wonder and humour .
 other film with under-par script be Home Alone @card@ , Cat in the Hat , Thomas and the Magic Railroad and Addams Family Reunion.Now I will say I like the idea of the story , but unfortunately it be badly execute and run out of steam far too early , and I be honestly not sure for this reason this be something for the family to enjoy .
 and I be annoy by the talk suit , despite spirited voice work from Wayne Knight.But the thing that anger me most about this movie be that it waste the talent of Christopher Lloyd , Jeff Daniels and Daryl Hannah , all very talented actor .
 Jeff Daniels have pull off some good performance before , but he do n't seem to have a clue what he be suppose to be do , and Elizabeth Hurley 's character sadly come across as useless .
 Daryl Hannah be a lovely actress and generally ignore , and I like the idea of her be the love interest , but sadly you see very little of her,(not to mention the Monster attack be likely to scare child than enthrall them ) likewise with Wallace Shawn as some kind of government operative .
 Christopher Lloyd acquit himself good , and as an actor I like Lloyd a lot(he be in two of my favourite film Clue and who Framed Roger Rabbit , and I be fond of back to the Future ) but he be give little to work with , and have a tendency to overact quite wildly.Overall , as much I want to like this movie , I be leave unimpressed .
 instead of be fun , it come across as pointless , and that be a shame because it have a lot of potential , with some talented actor and a good idea , but waste with poor execution .
 @card@ Bethany Cox I be so eager to see this one of my favorite TV shows.I see universal trademark follow with a newly acquaint title and theme song which still impress me.Computer animation on some scenery like a solid title name'The Jetsons ' or a dimension view of a spaceship approach an amusement park and more make this version splendid and fantastic.Shortly after that till the end...I could n't believe my eye !
 !
 !
 !
 how lucky I be that I could forget all I have seen.Just song by Tiffany and its theme song in new arrangement be in my head.Anyway,I wish to see this space-aged family ( also the Flintstones and Yogi Bear ) in all graphic computer design as Toy story or Bug 's life.The good style for Hanna-Barbera 's in my opinion .
 go to see this movie hope to see some flash of the Jet Li we be amaze by in Lethal Weapon @ord@ unfortunately too many of his fight stunt be so clearly fake that it take even that enjoyment out of it .
 the fly kick would be a lot more impressive if you could n't see the wire hold him up as he fly through the air for @card@ second and @card@ kicks.Too cartoonish and very disappointing .
 the Fiendish Plot of Dr .
 Fu Manchu ( @card@ ) .
 this be hand down the bad film I have ever see .
 what a sad way for a great comedian to go out .
 nightmare weekend star a cast of ridiculous actor with even less of an idea of what be go on than the director have , if you can imagine that .
 there be no decipherable plot or story , the special effect be a joke , and even the sound be terrible .
 this film be direct by Henry Sala .
 it be the only film that he ever direct , and the reason be obvious .
 well I just pay a dollar for a DVD of this movie , and it be n't even worth that .
 it seem to be from a poor print and be in the public domain , I be guessing.Neagle - despite her glory , award , and reputation - be a homely British gal who ca n't sing or dance or act.Some of the fine old Hollywood character actor on display here must have think they be do a classic .
 Director Herbert Wilcox ( Neagle 's husband ) always think Anna be the most exciting and talented femme on the screen .
 he be mistake .
 she be improbably popular in Britain before and after WWII .
 her 'serious ' role be even more ludicrous than her musical appearance here.Only a couple of the famous song be include and neither one be well present .
 skip this one and find the one that star Doris Day .
 at least you get some real comedy and professional style dancing !
 this movie really , i mean REALLY , suck .
 its get plot hole so big , and @card@ foot dragon can fit through them .
 not to mention the dragon itself , which be inevitably the bad computer generate image ever to be put on the film real .
 I mean , when you see something like this , you gotta be think 'Wow , someone actually make this movie .
 then release it .
 that take gut ' .
 whoever they be , i be sure they do n't work in the film business anymore.When i hire this movie , it be n't in on DVD , so i ( reluctantly ) take it out on video .
 the first thing to appear , be a Lord of the Rings trailer , for the Two Towers .
 this be a very clever move , put this trailer on the video .
 it justify me ( reluctantly ) give the film @card@ star , otherwise i would have give it zero star .
 maybe the producer though the star attraction of Dean Cain ( I think thats how you spell it ) would draw in the crowd ( uh , to the video store that is).Next they employ split screen technique ( like in Hulk ) to ( i assume ) compensate for what an atrocity this piece of crap film be .
 on the box cover , we see a picture of our hero , and the dragon .
 do the dragon look exactly like the one in Dragonheart , or be it just me ?
 either way , the dragon in the film look like a reject from Gremlins @card@ , and have the CGI of a Nintendo video game villain from the early @card@ 's ( perhaps bad ) .
 also , not the Dragons movement as it pursue its victims- its the same F##cking monotonous movement- right leg , leave leg , right leg leave leg- dom , dom , dom , dom Dom , Dom F#$king DOOOOOM !
 this just piss me off .
 maybe the filmmaker think this be thrilling and would have the same effect of jaw .
 why not then have a Dragon Pov shoot .
 either way , that be just funny , much like watch a Weebl toon.Dean Cain give many puzzle look during the film ( maybe his come to term with the fact that this film could end his career ) .
 do n't expect Superman here .
 the first time i see the trailer for this film , i think it be an add for a PS2 game.As for the story , its so so bad , my @card@ year old brother can come up with good one when he be unconvincingly try to lie about why he be mess around in my room while i be n't there .
 oh , and do i mention that I F@#KING HATE THE People who Made This INCREDIBLY STUPID STUPID CRAP ATROCIOUS Film ?
 !
 !
 !
 ........and an extremely bad one at that !
 !
 !
 how long do this train-wreck last ?
 ?
 @card@ episode or something ?
 ?
 I can see why now.I buy the 'Serenity ' episode from Amazon Unboxed .
 it be my first purchase , so be free .
 that be the only good thing about the experience ( incident ?
 ?
 )I wo n't comment really on the acting , since these be , I guess , fairly new people who have n't really get the job down just right yet .
 at least I have never see them before in any type of major show , theater or TV .
 if I do , then I have easily forget them.But the special effect be absolutely horrendous .
 true , this be n't exactly a multi-million $$ project , but the original Star Trek do good than this & that be THIRTY-FIVE year ago .
 I especially get a laugh out of the bad guy ( reaper or something like that ) ship as it chase the hilarious look firefly , with smoke come out of the engine look something like a gigantic model rocket .
 I fully expect to eventually see the Wiley Coyote ride on top , while chase after the Roadrunner .
 modern jet/rocket engine do n't even do it that bad.And that be n't even the bad of it .
 the wild-west type shoot-out have me wonder if I be actually watch a sci-fi film or a Gene Autry one.Regardless of the hype , do n't waste your time...I did...all 80-something minute of the disaster call 'Firefly ' .
 I see this film at SXSW with the director in attendance .
 quite a few people walk out , and the audience could barely muster even polite applause at the end .
 of the @card@ or @card@ film I have see at this festival , Frownland be among the worst.At @card@ minute , it be at least @card@ minute too long .
 you get to watch the main character be fail and draw out attempt to communicate , in extend real time .
 the same grimace , hand over mouth motion , kinetic and frantically repeat word and syllable over and over and over again - WE GET THE POINT.One site actually compare this work to early Mike Leigh .
 what drug would you have to be on to make that statement ?
 give that Frownland be a Captain Beefheart song , maybe you will have to be able to enjoy Trout Mask Replica on heavy rotation to appreciate this film .
 unbelievably , this win a jury award at the festival .
 you can bet it do not win an audience award .
 spoiler Warning : there be some minor spoiler in this review .
 do n't read it beyond the first paragraph if you plan on see the film.The Disney Channel currently have a policy to make load of movie and show one a month on the cable channel .
 most of these be mediocre and drab , have a few good element but still be a disappointment ( ` Phantom of the Megaplex , ' ` Stepsister from Planet Weird , ' ` Zenon : girl of the 21st century ' ) .
 every once in a great while , they make something really , really great ( ` Genius , ' ` the other Me ' ) .
 but once in a while the Disney Channel make a huge mistake , and give us a real stinker .
 this month ( December @card@ ) the Disney Channel feature ` the Ultimate Christmas present , ' which I think be terrible due to poor writing and bad act .
 apparently , ` the Brainiacs.com ' be rush out a few day before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday , because the plot have to do with toy .
 they even pay for a feature in the TV Guide , so I think it must be good than the norm .
 I be in for a complete shock .
 only Disney 's ` Model Behaviour ' have be bad than this.The plot be more far-fetched than normal .
 I usually let that slide , but here it just go too far .
 Matthew Tyler get very sick of his widowed father spend most of his time at work .
 his father own a small toy factory that have take out large loan at a scrupulous bank to stay afloat .
 time and time again , his father have to skip out on the plan he make with his son and daughter .
 Matthew decide that the only way he can spend time with his dad be if he become the boss and order him to stay home .
 he get a hair-brained idea to create a website where kid all around the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister be invent .
 that whole concept be full of fallacy .
 when kid send in million of dollar , Matthew open his own company 's bank account and buy up most of his dad 's business 's stock .
 he be the secret boss , but he do n't reveal this to his dad , but instead present himself at board meeting as a cartoon image through a computer .
 that image itself be so complex ( and ridiculous ) that it be n't possible for someone to create it at home , much less someone who come across as stupid as Matthew .
 to make a long plot short , Matthew order his dad to spend more time have fun and do stuff with his kid , but a federal agent show up inquire about Matthew 's company , as it be fraudulent.There be so much wrong here .
 as mention , the stuff they do here be impossible even for true genius , which these kid be not .
 the website , the cartoon image , the computer chip , even the stuff they be be teach in school , be far too advanced for these kid .
 the act by most of the cast , especially Kevin Kilner , be terrible .
 some familiar face be waste .
 Dom DeLuise play the evil bank owner , but his part be a throwaway .
 he have one good scene with Alexandra Paul ( who show she have the ability to act ) in which he explain his motive , but nothing more .
 and Rich Little be waste in a small role as a judge .
 there be even some offensive and uncalled for anti-Russian joke .
 but the great atrocity be the hard-hammered theme .
 these theme show up in many of the Disney Channel 's film , but never before have these ultra-conservative message be pound so strongly .
 the typical ` overwork parent ' idea be really push hard , and after deliver it inappropriately in ` the Ultimate Christmas present , ' see it again sour my mood .
 family relation be important , but Disney must stop this endless preaching , because working be important to maintain a workable family , too .
 except for cancel activity thanks to work , the father do n't come across as that bad , but I find it offensive when the grandmother tell him ` I do n't like what I see .
 ' just as bad be the preaching of the idea that all single parent must marry if they want to raise their kid right .
 enter Alexandra Paul , whose character , while important to the plot , be there solely to be the love interest for the father .
 this offensiveness only prove that the Disney brain trust lack the brain to avoid scrape from the bottom of the Disney script barrel .
 instead of let this movie teach your kid how to commit serious fraud , wait for the next Disney Channel movie .
 it have to be good than this .
 Zantara 's score : @card@ out of @ord@ with that line start one silly , bore British sci fi film .
 the Great Vorelli from the movie 'Devil Doll ' build a teleportation machine only to have his funding cut off by Blanchard , a bearded man who have a thing for bow tie and man with large eye brow .
 when his experiment fail , the good doctor learn that Lembach , the man who control all of the grant in the world , will be stay in London for a few day .
 he attempt to project himself into the house of Blanchard with the help of his comely lab assistant , Sheila .
 needless to say something go wrong and he wind up look like a rat .
 the rest of the movie be devote to the good orange haired doctor walk around London shocking people with his mutate hand and wear a diaper on his face .
 there be some more killing , some modest paper work , and finally , the doctor vanish to where ever rat face doctor go .
 thankfully no one decide to make a sequel .
 this be not a commentary on the actual movie , but on the RUSCICO DVD release for North America .
 I do n't know if there have be different release and update , but the disk we rent have a @card@ copyright on them , if that mean anything .
 anyway , the sound mix on these DVD 's be absolutely horrible .
 the level often yo-yo-ed up and down ; when the scene cut to a battlefield panorama , the orchestral track would thunder so loudly that I do n't know which would blow out first -- my eardrum or my speaker .
 when it be time for dialog , the volume would usually drop to something barely audible .
 occasionally , the orchestra and Foley-work would stay loud while the dialog be superimpose at a much lesser level .
 my wife and I find that the only way we could watch this movie at all from these DVD 's be if one of us keep a hand on the remote to continuously modulate the volume .
 and , like another user have already comment , when we select English audio the dialog keep switch back and forth between Russian and English ; and occasionally when the character speak in French on the native track the dubbing be in Russian , so you be Sol if you understand neither .
 ultimately , we give up watch after the first disk .
 before you fork out $50+ for this movie on DVD for your own library , I will heartily recommend get your hand on a rental copy to see whether you can really enjoy this epic flick when burden by such bad sound , particularly if you have never read the book and really want to understand the storyline .
 this be only the second time I have feel compel enough to comment at imdb about a film .
 the first time be for probably the good movie I have ever see and that be for Memento.Seeing Darkwolf be at the other end of the scale compare to Memento , as in the bad film I have have the misfortune to see .
 apart from the two scene contain naked woman there be nothing in this movie to raise it from the trash-pile that it is.Let be see , apalling effect , cliched script , bad acting and about @card@ minute too long .
 my wife and I laugh through most of it in disbelief at how bad .
 amazingly I watch it to the end , how I do that I do n't know !
 avoid !
 !
 !
 Del - 'You be the dumb smart person I have ever met.'Calvin- 'Well,I have a brain , but they lose it in the re-writes.'I think what I find most egregious about this bastardization of Asimov 's work be how the character of Susan Calvin be portray .
 in the book , she be actually one of the first strong female protagonist , able to think her way through a problem .
 here she be just a damsel in distress , wait to be rescue by Wil Smith.There be pass reference to Asimov 's Laws of Robotics , but they be an afterthought to the CGI and action scenes.Smith be likable , as he be in most of his film , but honestly , the story be n't that good .
 you figure it out long before these genius character do .
 Thomas Clay have be mix with the wrong type .
 that be the trouble with young people these day , they have no respect.Seriously this film should be avoid at all cost .
 the action in the main body of the film be slow and rather stodgy and amble to the drug craze end as if , like it 's director , it have no where good to go .
 we be introduce to the main title character who be a bit of an outsider , we see him at school and at home not quite fitting in , feel awkward in himself as so many adolescent do .
 Robert fall in with bad lad and start miss school and take drug and before you know it he be a psycho rapist.The film be really about Clay 's total failure to understand the link between violence imagery and violent act .
 Clay seem to think a generation of crazed youth be make evil by scene of war on our TV .
 yet he have film the most disgusting piece of simulated violence .
 be this guy for real ?
 if Clay have not see YouTube perhaps he be naive and unaware of will be do with the brutal climax scene from his film ?
 all anyone will want to see be the most hideous scene from the end of the film and I be sure that will be what stick with people.The rest of the film be pointless for in commit such an act of violence to film Clay not only damn young people who be actively engage in prevent war , he also damn himself as perpetrator of extreme , tasteless violence for no good reason than his own personal celebrity status.Shame on all involve .
 Johnathan Frakes be a good actor and , when he be not direct a family film , a fine director .
 but , he really should n't have direct this movie , and the screenplay should have be reject .
 the director and writer must understand what the original TV show be really about , as well as who the character be and how they work .
 the original series have many episode with razor-sharp writing use good dialogue and with situation that American producer would never consider use in child 's programming , much less a movie , which make the original series so well receive by adult .
 I mean , the Tracy be college graduate and some of them do even drink alcohol and smoke tobacco !
 and , there be character who do get kill , although most be bad guy .
 if they have write it the way that it be originally do , which be n't dumbing thing down with poor dialogue , kindergarten humor , and a weak plot , this Universal/Studio Canal joint venture would n't have such bad reviews.This motion picture be almost pure blasphemy .
 if you have see the original Supermarionation series , then you will know what I be talk about !
 the first thing that be out of place and annoy be the constant reference to Ford Motor Company , even go so far that Lady Penelope be ride around in a disfigure Ford Thunderbird make up to look like FAB-1 instead of use what would have be more appropriate consider Ms .
 Penelope 's station ( not to mention be more faithful to the original ) , a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1 .
 she be suppose to be a distinguished member of British society , hence the preference for England 's fine make of motorcar in the original series .
 one other reviewer here indicate that Penelope would n't be catch dead in a Ford .
 he be pretty much right in the context that the idea of her riding in a Ford do n't work .
 at least they could have have Penelope ride in a Jaguar make up like Fab @card@ since Jaguar be a British car make that be own by Ford , but No !
 they have to use a straight Ford !
 but the Ford product placement do n't end there .
 every single car you may see be a Ford !
 even the news flash that be show on the TV set in the movie be sponsor by Ford !
 Ford , Ford , Ford !
 the predominance of Ford vehicle make this movie an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford.The original series have a design that be futuristic for the 1960s and still remain ahead of its time even today .
 but , the futuristic design in the original series work because there be an effort to make the design look practical and functional .
 this kind of treatment do n't exist in the movie , where everything be stylize to excess , defeat the sense of functionality and practicality .
 a lot of thing that be do in the design of the movie be do strictly for style , many time with no sense of function to give that style a sense of reason.The original series rely on good acting performance of the voice talent to overcome the limited expression in the puppet , bring them to life in the episode .
 the brilliant and lively music score by Barry Gray help even further to connect the audience with the story , the character , and how everything come together to help achieve the super objective ( a little bit of Stanislavski talk ) .
 the movie , on the other hand , have some overly grating performance .
 Anthony Edwards overplay Brains to a fault , Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy just do n't work despite decent acting ( one of few ) , there be good choice for the Hood than Ben Kingsley , and many other that I do n't care to mention ( it would take too long ) .
 quite simply , the puppet be more believable !
 second be the overly generic and underwhelming music score by Hans Zimmer , sound more like a mix between 'Days of Thunder ' and 'Apollo 13.'And , of course , the Hood .
 the Hood in the original series have an ability to communicate with Kyrano through a statue of Kyrano as an outlet for ESP contact .
 but , that be where his extraordinary capability end .
 he be a master of disguise and deception , which allow him to sneak around undetected ( for the most part , anyways ) to gather information of the Thunderbirds vehicle for his own mean .
 he also use weapon for his own defense , include pistol , and generally collect information use a film camera , although he try to steal Thudnerbirds @card@ and @card@ in the 1960s United Artists release of 'Thunderbird @card@ ' ( which be the last Thunderbirds show film in Supermarionation and be the second Thunderbirds theatrical release ) .
 but , while he be a nemesis of International Rescue , the Hood be n't the villain in every Thunderbirds episode and he tend to avoid direct confrontation with International Rescue .
 in the movie , he be obviously the main villain , but he and his cohort seem to act more like moron , along with the Hood have extend mind control ability , include the ability to move object and move himself into flight for brief period of time .
 this totally deviate from the Hood as a character in the original series with one that may leave kid laugh and people familiar with the series scratch their head in confusion or leave the theater in disgust.There be more criticism , but the @card@ word limit for IMDb review will not allow me to list all of them .
 so , I will close with the point be make that I do n't enjoy this movie .
 as a matter of fact , I think it suck !
 have see the original series and Supermarionation movie ( Thunderbirds Are Go , Thunderbird @card@ ) , I be hope for something a lot well than this.The original Supermarionation be a lot more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce .
 ( and that be say it nicely .
 ) - Kip Wells I really do n't like this movie because it do n't really bring across the message and idea L'Engle bring out in her novel .
 we have read the novel in our English class and i absolutely love it , i be afraid i ca n't say the same for the film .
 there be some serious difference between the novel and the adapt version and it just do n't do any credit to the imaginative genius that be Madeleine L'Engle !
 this be the reason i give it such a poor rating .
 do n't see this movie if you be a big fan of L'Engle 's text because you will be sorely disappoint .
 however , if you be watch the movie for entertainment purpose ( or educational as be my case ) then it be an alright movie !
 naturally I do n't watch 'GI Jane ' out of choice .
 I be more or less force to watch this film around my ex-girlfriends house.GI Jane lose its credibility straight away by try to convince the viewer that it be potentially a real scenario , which of course it be n't .
 the result of this be that the story become automatically bind by constraint , restrict the amount of humour ( of which there be none ) or entertaining action scene , and soon become too serious .
 the film therefore become extremely boring and predictable.'GI Jane ' fail where other action film succeed , mainly because film such as James Bond , Dirty Harry and various other be large than life , yet never proclaim to be otherwise .
 they be escapism , and therefore entertaining .
 'GI Jane ' try to be real and fails.This be a very disappointing film from Ridley Scott , with a very non-credible storyline , unremarkable acting , and the only reason I give it @card@ instead of @card@ be for some of the technical work .
 fact about National Lampoon go to the Movies , a.k.a. National Lampoon 's Movie Madness:1 .
 the movie be poor , even by Lampoon 's typical standard .
 @ord@ it be not funny .
 @ord@ no one go to see a movie.So , after I finish watch it , I begin wonder why on earth it have call 'National Lampoon go to the movie , ' and why it be ever conceive , much less actually make .
 it would be like call Austin Powers 'An American Guy go to the movie .
 ' how lame .
 he be n't American , and he do n't go to movie .
 none of the character in Lampoon 's so-called 'satire ' be funny , and none go see movie , which cause a bit of a problem .
 I have hope it would be something in the vein of Mystery Science Theater @card@ , but it isn't.This be National Lampoon 's first film after Animal House , although you could n't tell it from the quality of film .
 poorly develop , rough and amateurish by any standard , it induce headache not a good sign for an 89-minute movie that seem double the length.I have notice a pattern .
 really bad movie be typically rename and this little disaster fall under that category .
 it have two separate title -- probably to help try and promote it to people too stupid to remember how bad a pan it receive from home video critic in @card@ .
 'Hmm , Movie Madness I have never hear of this movie before !
 let be rent it !
 ' and then , the realization : 'Hey , wait a minute , this be just National Lampoon go to the movie !
 'It be shelve by MGM/UA , never to be release into theater or DVD ; it occasionally pop up on television a few time per decade , which be just about the only place you will manage to find it.It be split up into three story a parody of self-enlargement video , butter and corporate ruthlessness , and police brutality/cop-buddy film ( I guess ) .
 the first segment star Peter Riegert ( Animal House ) as a frustrated guy who divorce his wife and do some other stuff .
 I be not sure what because it be so bore my mind start to drift .
 until the sex scene pop up.Part II be about an exotic dancer rape by a stick of butter ( do n't ask ) who decide to become Queen of the Margarine so she can cut off the supply of dairy product .
 Ouch !
 this contain the only funny line in the movie : 'Only I can make love with my son !
 ' if you think that do n't sound very funny , you be right it be not .
 and just imagine it be the highlight of this film !
 Part III be about a cop who chase down a serial killer ( Christopher Lloyd ) only to lose his nerve and shoot the guy .
 it do contain one funny scene but it be extremely over-acted only Lloyd really exhibit any humor , play his character dry and compassionate , yet strangely surreal .
 the part where he be choke his victim and the meek cop stand by watch it all unfold , at least , evoke a chuckle or two.It be a shame to watch such a cast of semi-famous name resort to low standard .
 the writer of each segment clearly believe that they be be very ironic and clever by spoof so-called stereotype the fault be that the movie become one huge contradiction , favor the standard T & a instead of plot ; crude humor instead of witty dialogue ; desperate performance instead of inspired one .
 it be easy to see that none of the actor be enthrall with the material , mutter their line , often so embarrass they can seldom make eye contact with the camera.The movie be n't funny , as I say before .
 I laugh once , at only one line , and even then it be a halfhearted one .
 two chuckle , a smile , and a very weak laugh .
 compare to Movie Madness , a number of other decent comedy seem like regular laugh tracks.I like National Lampoon 's Vacation series ( or , at least three of four installment ) , and their classic Animal House , but their recent slew of direct-to-video bomb such as Golf Punks ( with that great comic genius Tom Arnold ) provide a good example of why their magazine go out of print more than a decade ago .
 it get really old , really fast.Sad to see a new film , call Gold Diggers , be be release with their 'stamp of approval .
 ' it be like condemn a film before it even hit theater maybe they should start not advertise their name all over the placeDistributor : 'This movie be bad .
 it get the National Lampoon stamp of approval .
 that will teach you not to make something so awful next time.'Forget the death penalty .
 just stick a bunch of criminal in a room and make them watch this over and over every day for a month.It be so bad that I ca n't even begin to explain its putrid vileness .
 I give up .
 I quote Oedpius Rex because it be a tragedy that this film be even make !
 !
 !
 this be one of the bad movie I have ever see !
 I be in no way an Uwe Boll hater like most of the humourless people on IMDb !
 Uwe Boll movie like Postal and Tunnel Rats be hilariously bad and therefore entertaining .
 but honestly , this movie be just horrible .
 I hate it so much that I will give it a zero star rating if I could .
 the story be just crap !
 it spend four fifth of the film build the plot and then they have the middle which be just scene of grizzly horrible tastelessly do murder !
 the finally end it with a 'villan win end ' which be totally acceptable but surely it could have be more tasteful than this !
 I be not against Uwe Boll ( like I say earlier ) nor be I against violent movie !
 I f**king love violent movie !
 I love the Saw movie , the Hostel movie , Tokyo Gore Police , the New York Ripper , the @card@ movie , Dog Soldiers , My Bloody Valentine , last house on the Left , Watchmen , Wolf Creek , every Tarantino movie , every Sam Peckinpah , even Cannibal f**king Holocaust !
 but this !
 OMFG !
 !
 !
 this be just cruel , sadistic and perverted !
 and look at the movie I just list !
 if I like Cannibal Holocaust and not this then it must be bad !
 Uwe , do n't go all dark again !
 you be funny when you be light heart , just like Ed Wood .
 this be just an awful experience !
 I feel horrible all over after see this !
 do NOT WATCH !
 !
 !
 !
 avoid AT All Cost !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 okay , I seriously CAN'T think of anything bad than the PR series .
 there be many bad thing in life...traitors , liar , etc .
 but seriously , Power Rangers have Got to be at the bottom of this list .
 can you think of anything more stupid than five-six teenager ( who do n't even act like a normal teen ) dance around in identical suit WITH Different COLORS So THAT you Can Tell Them APART ?
 fan , have you ever come across a real person who get fling against a mental wall and get up almost immediately and continue to fight without get injure ?
 Power Rangers be for five-year old boy , and believe me , I never like this show even when I be five.I guess you can say Dino Thunder be an exception .
 the teen actually ACT like teen , and Tommy Oliver actually act like a mentor , or no , a teacher .
 it be get teen-humor , though the fighting be lame , I do n't hate Dino Thunder.Many people say Power Rangers be crap , but I would n't .
 it would be an insult to crap .
 so face it , five year old boy , Power Rangers be rubbish .
 I do n't usually write a comment when there be so many other but this time I feel I have to .
 I have speak of taste in another review , say it be all in the eye of the beholder but when it come to this film , if you like it , it simply mean you have bad taste.I love film .
 I love 'Isle of the Dead ' which be pretty much an unknown B&W ; film .
 I even like 'Scream ' and 'Scary movie ' I like these film because they have , if not a lot , at least something good about them .
 I appreciate @card@ % of the film I have see because they tell a story which I have n't hear before , and most director only make film with a good storyline .
 throughout this film I be think 'Where be this go ?
 ' ( even near the end ) 'Where do they get these awful actor from ' ?
 'Was that suppose to be a joke ?
 ' and suchlike .
 with the obvious twist loom I be sceptical , but hope it would perhaps 'make ' the film and prove I have n't waste my time .
 I be sadly mistake .
 the storyline be bad to begin with and the twist actually ruin any glimmer of hope there be .
 here be a rundown : storyline much like the first film , which be alright , this one be slow and sparse with no audience relation to the character or the situation .
 the situation be cringeworthy and shallow and completely boring and predictable .
 the twist be terrible , it do n't make me feel a thing , like excitement or WOW .
 just 'My God .
 ' there be nothing in the bulk of the film that you could look back to and think 'Oooo be n't that clever ' because it be n't .
 in 'Fight Club ' there be flashback at the end show bit where Tyler 's true identity be cryptically show , and when you watch it again you see more , it really be a work of genius , how it be write , lay out and direct .
 this be a meaningless attempt at an awesome twist .
 I think it be 'wild thing ' that have like a pretty poor double twist and I still like the film because the rest be OK and it be n't try too hard to be a big twist .
 its like the CI2 writer think it be gonna be the good twist ever .
 but really , its just a bad story with a bad twist dump on the end .
 the film end almost immediately afterward , with the whole film void by Sebastian 's whole story build up mean nothing and a horrible half force , paedophilic ending with a particularly young and innocent act girl .
 act the actor in this film be appalling .
 almost as bad a 'Sunset beach .
 ' - Extremely corny and badly perform .
 it be not even so bad it be good like 'Hunk ' .
 the bad act I think come from Amy Adams who play Kathryn , it be a rigid , pathetic and badly think out performance by her .
 Robin Dunne be also poor .
 I have n't see 'American Psycho II ' yet , but no doubt his lay back 'cool ' style have ruin that film also.I ca n't even say it be a good film for teen , as its not .
 if my son or daughter like this film I will be ashamed .
 but they would n't anyway , as they would take into consideration all the thing that make a good film , which this film have none of .
 really .
 I be disappoint that some have say 'you might not be in the age bracket for this film , and so dislike it ' I like all the film now that I like as a teen and have very good taste .
 also , do you really think that when you reach 20+ you suddenly do n't like any teenish story line ?
 no .
 I like 'Mean Girls ' and other generic teen film , and watch 'Beverly Hills @card@ ' all the time .
 there be no excuse for poor directing , act and screenplay I be afraid .
 besides , I be @card@ when I first watch it .
 if anything , be old just make you a good judge of a terrible film .
 I ca n't believe anyone can give it @card@ either , one of my favourite film be 'Memento ' and I give it @card@ as I know there can be good .
 it be a shame for this site that people do that , give 10s flippantly , or do n't get the films/show , and so give it 2.Anyone who like this film really should vary their taste , and perhaps their life , and with this realise that this be the bad film EVER make .
 ( bad than 'Loch Ness')If you be n't a teenager with bad taste , or simply do n't have bad taste you will absolutely hate this film .
 this be without a doubt one of the bad movie EVER , I emphasize , EVER make .
 Whats worse , my old hero Dolph be in it and hes star it .
 Jesus.. .
 the story be actually quite good but the way its carry out make even my body hurt .
 the fight scene for starter be about as well choreograph as a fight between two drunk slug it out in the gutter .
 the actor , except for Dolph who kinda suck also , perform so badly you cant help but wonder if their reason for be there be that theyre all friend of the director , who by the way must have be absent most , if not all , of the time .
 this be @card@ million spend in an unimaginable way , because by the look of the effect and scenery , the cost cant be a cent above @ord@ when you put this DVD into your player and hit 'play , ' you will experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen as the laser be guide to the correct start point in the center of the disc .
 cherish This Moment .
 make sure you have some Tylenol or something ( preferably PM be so you can fall asleep ) , because you be go to have a massive headache once this movie starts.Starring a bunch of big-breasted girl and with an opening that actually make me chuckle a bit , I think I will be in for a good time .
 sure , the opening sequence be a Wee bit awkward and most of the joke fall flat and it seem like this be go to be a Scream ripoff ( by the way , my sole chuckle be from Julie Strain 's final comment in this scene ) .
 but then I know there be trouble.. .
 the opening sequence have a terrible rock song .
 during this terrible rock song , I look over the DVD Chapter title and see thing that say 'TOPLESS in the BACKYARD !
 ' and 'BETTER Than SEX !
 ' .
 I know what the sell point of this movie be go to be.And that be the sad truth : the ONLY good thing about this movie be the attractive cast .
 other than that , it be a sadly routine slasher film that throw in an 'innovative ' concept about murder club , which end up be fake anyway .
 so , the whole movie then point in another direction to try to be confusing and this huge mystery , but it all just add up to not be interesting at all and leave you feel like you do n't care for any of the character .
 I mean , when the main character of the movie be reveal to have murder an innocent woman , can you really feel ANY sympathy towards her when she be in fear for her life ?
 the Scream influence be prevalent throughout , with a ghost face killer and some really terrible joke .
 we be also treat to scene of the main character talk to her mom and dad ( Lloyd Kaufman !
 the only other cool part of the movie !
 ) about an abortion or something .
 uh .
 Yeah.. .
 this be n't a 'so-bad-it's-good ' movie , it be just BAD.Someone compare this to a Troma film , but.. .
 you know , most any film that come from Full Moon ( or its offshoot , as this film prove ) be horrible .
 not horrible in a Troma sense -- I have see many Troma film , and I can honestly say they all offer something , ANYTHING that you can walk away with and tell your friend about later .
 however , this film have pretty much nothing at all enjoyable about it .
 beware .
 I see this in the summer of @ord@ I be still annoyed by how bad this movie be in 2001.Implausible plot .
 you will have to be a child to think this could happen.I be just really annoyed by it .
 do n't see this .
 it be obvious that the people who make 'Dead at the Box Office ' love B-movie horror .
 overt reference to the genre be pepper throughout , from stock character ( the authority figure who do n't believe the monstrous invasion be really happen ) to Kevin Smith style discussion to reenact Duane Jones ' last moment from 'Night of the live Dead ' not once but twice.Unfortunately it take more than love to make a good movie.The staging and shot choice be unexcite and unimaginative .
 while a common admonition in film school be to avoid 'Mastershot Theatre , ' tell the story completely in a wide master shot , here we find the obverse as in several sequence it be hard to figure out the spatial relationship between character as the story be tell in a series of medium shot with no establish shot to tie it together .
 edit be drab and basic and at time there be unmotivated cut .
 the lighting be flat and sometimes muddy , make the scene in the darken theatre hard to make out ( be there light , or be this shot with available light only ?
 ) .
 some shot be out of focus .
 the dialogue be trite , and the performance , for the most part , one-note ( Isaiah Robinson show some energy and screen presence as Curtis , and the fellow play the projectionist have some pleasantly dickish line reading ; Michael Allen Williams as the theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as enthusiastic film geek Eric have some nice moment ) .
 the premise be silly , even for a B horror flick ( also , it be too bad Dr Eisner be unaware of Project Paperclip - he could have save himself a lot of trouble !
 ) .
 the 'zombies ' be non-threaten , and their makeup be unconvincing ( although the chunky zombie try to get a gumball out of the machine raise a smile ) .
 for a zombie fan film , there be very little blood or violence , although what there be , be handle pretty well .
 the incidental music , while stylistically uneven , be kind of nice at time , and there be some good foley effect .
 the 'Time Warp ' parody be a fun listen , although the image go along with it be less fun to watch .
 unfortunately , the loop dialogue sound flat .
 be this shot non-sync ( doubtful , it look like video through and through ) ?
 I watch the special introduction by Troma Films ' Lloyd Kaufman before the main feature - although it consist essentially of Kaufman plug his own stuff and admit that he have n't see the movie while someone mug in a Toxie mask , its production and entertainment value be high than 'Dead.. .
 ' itself ( quick aside to whoever put the DVD together - the countdown on film leader beep only on the flash-frame @card@ , not on every number plus one more after ) .
 for that matter , the vampire film theatregoers be see watch early in 'Dead.. .
 ' look a lot more entertaining than this .
 recommendation to avoid , unless you know someone involve in the production or be an ardent Lloyd Kaufman completist ( he play 'Kaufman the Minion ' in the film-within-a-film).(Full disclosure : my girlfriend be an extra in this movie .
 I swear this do not color my review .
 ) Recherche be a good word to describe this movie.Let be say every movie have a selling point , a gimmick .
 transformer ' gimmick be the awesome effect as well as fan boy nostalgia .
 sleepless in Seattle 's gimmick be situational in their tag-line , 'What if someone you never meet , someone you never see , someone you never know be the only someone for you ?
 ' many romance rely heavily on these gimmick and some through draw of big name .
 Leap Years employ both by use the Irish folklore as the circumstance and feature considerably famous name within the country.So now that the audience be in the cinema , besides all the usual element in character , conflict or consequence , crisis , resolve and denouement , they also look forward to stimulating dialog , more absorb situation as a result of the leap year , interesting sub-plots and perhaps , to a certain extent , a good twist in the middle or towards the end of the story that favor the circumstance of the characters.This be what Jean Yeo be try not to achieve .
 if they have try to , their goal be apparently in the other court , at the other stadium , on the other end of the planet .
 she and her writer , Alain Layrac , utterly fail to provide stimulating dialog .
 most of the line be contrive .
 it seem that they have a bag fill with line which she would like to use in her movie : 'Okay , these be the line and quote which I have hear or read from either movie I have see or book I have read before and they all sound good to me .
 if they sound good to me , they will sound good to the audience .
 therefore , all i have to do be piece them all together .
 I be go to use all of them .
 ' the result be cathartic .
 I ca n't say that the line be unnecessary and bear no relation to the story or in drive the plot on , but they seem to spring out of nowhere , catch you off guard with these quotable quotes.On a personal level , i know people who cite quote base on most of the situation in our dialog , try to make it meaningful to themselves while nod along .
 I do n't go out with them anymore because the urge to punch them be overwhelming.Secondly , the character portray be silly and one-dimensional .
 with exception to the unnatural dialog which imply their motivation ( necessary to drive the plot ) , there be no sense of conviction in them .
 I have n't an idea who they be .
 they be all simpleton spout line from the advice column of a female-oriented magazine.The gimmick in the leap year be not enough to drive the story on because the circumstance be too shallow .
 then again , there be movie with less but fare good than this , be n't there .
 they make it up with my first and second point .
 moreover , the sub-plots be inconsequential ( not that it be a bad thing for movie ) and thin ( bad thing).Jean Yeo and the producer be try to pass off the terrible plot with fancy location and passable photography .
 this be because they probably understand that it be possible and easy to attain the approval from some viewer than the other with the good use of cinematography , soundtrack and film location .
 these non-discerning viewers.It be not even the kind of movie that be so bad that it be good .
 it be just bad .
 do n't watch this .
 Short Version : seed be n't worthless .
 it be just derivative and inferior .
 and soulless.Long Version : if you have never see any of the film comprise the vaguely-defined 'psychological horror ' genre , this movie will probably melt your face off .
 maybe not , but it will give you a good burn .
 the opening montage of real animal abuse will be sufficient to open your eye to possibility of brutality-on-video , and the ( only ) memorable gore scene later in the film will perhaps be more than you can handle .
 the climax will play with your emotion in a way that perhaps no other film has.But that be if you do n't have much experience with the genre .
 if you have see the real thing...'August underground 's penance , ' for example , you will , as I do , find it terribly difficult to stay awake until the end of the film.Other reviewer have compare this to the video nasties of old .
 I understand this comparison .
 like the video nasties , 'Seed ' be more violent than a mainstream horror film and less subtle .
 but the reason the video nasties be still know to us be not only for the above reasons--those that be still popular have something special .
 permit me to be ambiguous , I think you will understand : those that have stick around have 'soul'.Take this quote from Gabriele Crisanti , director of 'Burial ground , ' on an interview on the new-ish DVD : '...we will never have more film like these , because today , technology have surpass imagination .
 and technology be cold .
 so many thing will disappear because small film like these wo n't be produce anymore .
 today we have great , exceptional trick that be very expensive , but they be cold .
 today a horror , a terror film of this kind cost more than a million dollar .
 these film be not so expensive...they be real effect , make with our hands'.Perhaps it be wrong to take the comparison to old school horror so seriously .
 but Crisanti have hit the nail on the head .
 even at their most seemingly exploitational , the good of the video nasties be pursue a primitive 'truth .
 ' and this be where Boll fall short .
 it be like he have see the movie and not understand them .
 everything on the checklist be there...BS about 'making a statement about humanity , ' an obscene torture scene , etc .
 but it be , as Crisanti put it , 'cold .
 ' the gore be all CGI .
 the whole thing feel like scene piece together from other movie of various genre .
 and the pace be sooooo slow .
 man , so slow.Another interesting note : the one gore scene really remind me of a video game.Anyway , enough BS .
 weak movie .
 Shazbot , be this embarrassing .
 in fact , here be a list of @card@ that make up the embarrassment : @ord@ ) a failed comeback for Christopher Lloyd .
 @ord@ ) Jeff Daniels basically play the same role he play in the live @card@ Dalmatians remake which be n't too juicy to begin with .
 he sure have a funny way of promote his Purple Rose Theatre.. .
 @ord@ ) Disnefluff .
 @ord@ ) another disappointing reminder that Wallace Shawn be to Disney what Jet Li be to Bob Hoskins in Unleashed .
 @ord@ ) Ray Walston , the original Martian from the TV series , play a bit part ( read 'cameo ' ) in this flick and die two year later of lupus .
 coincidence ?
 @ord@ ) awful special effect .
 seriously - awful .
 @card@ .
 ) that damn talk , fart suit voice to an annoy degree by Wayne Knight ( 'Newman !
 ' ) .
 my favorite scene ?
 ha !
 ha ha , ha !
 Ha ha ha ha ha.. .
 Whew !
 ... Good one .
 you - you be a joker .
 okay , let be wrap up this review with a moment of silence for this franchise 's agonize death , and if you would like , you can say a quick prayer that Disney do n't forget this travesty and do something silly like a movie adaptation of 'Mork and Mindy ' star Tim Allen........................................................ .
 after a series of power-outages on a remote island zoo , genetically engineer sabertooth tiger be on the loose and maul resident of the island .
 man , the sci-fi channel have make some bad 'original ' movie , but I think this might possibly be their bad so far !
 this badly write and direct 'Jurassic Park ' rip-off offer all the usual clichs ( mad scientist who think people kill by the monster be 'expendable loss ' , character walk down long dark hallway alone , brain-dead teen character who be only function in the film be to die a horrible death , etc .
 ) , and , unsurprisingly , no suspense whatsoever .
 the special effect be atrociousthe puppet head in close-up of the title beasty be bad enough , look like stiff plush doll , but the CGIwhich make the computer-generated dinosaur in 'Walking with Dinosaurs ' look life-like by comparisonare just downright awful .
 there be some gore , but most of it look pretty unconvincing .
 oh , and the death scene of the scientist at the end be truly one of the bad thing I have see in year .
 I could n't even laugh it be so bad !
 do n't waste your time , this one be just downright bad.2/10.Oh , and here be some interesting trivia for youthis film borrow music cue from the @card@ sci-fi film 'Alien Hunter ' , which be far superior to this piece of crap .
 there be absolutely nothing to redeem this movie .
 they take a sleazy story , miscast it , miswrote it , misfilmed it .
 it have bad dialogue badly perform in a meander and trashy story.As badly as it fail as art , it fail even bad as commerce .
 who could have be the target market for this .
 what age group ?
 what interest group ?
 someone should make a movie about how and why they make this movie .
 that I would pay to see.I have see thousand of bad movie , and this rank with 'Sailor who Fell from Grace ' and 'Manos ' ... my choice as the three most unredeemably bad movie I have ever see .
 everybody associate with it should be force to make conversation with Vandamme for all eternity.I challenge you .
 watch this movie and perform an academic exercise - how could you take this and make it bad ?
 I ca n't think of one way .
 it be enjoyable and fast-paced.There be no way on Earth that the actor play Mat could be eighteen .
 however , the main thing be that he do act eighteen very convincingly .
 it must be a credit to his audition that he convince them to cast him .
 I quite soon accept him as be a naive young country boy.While his be the good performance , most of the other be also very engaging .
 in particular , the interplay between the policeman be natural and well-balanced , and work very well.It be only about @card@ minute long , so the plot be not complex .
 more key be the style of the whole thing .
 it be very slick and vibrant , and the backdrop be atmospheric , especially from the fact that all the colour be extremely rich .
 the gangland be identifiable to foreign audience , but still manage to be distinctly Australian .
 well , I have to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watch this puddle of ooze .
 why ?
 because I have to let it be know to all of you just how bad this movie be .
 it be unbelievably bad .
 just to let you in on how bad it be , I will offer this little detail about the movie .
 during scene of mayhem , which usually consist of people shoot or kick zombie , they intercut scene from the video game .
 yes , you hear me right .
 this movie really suck .
 in fact , it make me think about the fact that it cost ten dollar these day just to get into the theater these day .
 and to see corn fill crap like this ?
 there be no story to speak of and the movie basically have nothing to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really cheap kill .
 I be really disappoint with this , know that I watch it .
 OK , I be dumbstruck .
 it be so bad I ca n't even find the word .
 rating : zero out of ***** .
 I have never see a movie as bad as this .
 it be mean to be a 'fun ' movie , but the only joke be at the start , and it be NOT funny .
 if you like this sort of movie , then you may just be able to give it a vote of @ord@ if it have the necessary vote , it would truly belong on the bottom @ord@ with a Bo Derek movie , the audience get just what they expect .
 a paper thin plot and a few shot of Mrs .
 Derek in no clothes .
 'Ghosts ca n't do it ' be just that .
 the first fifteen minute be ordinary TV drama , as long as Scott [ Anthony Quinn ] be still alive .
 he be a very good actor with long experience in a lot of different role , but it seem as even a famous actor need to work just for money sometimes .
 Bo Derek be the opposite , always play a strikingly handsome young woman with or without clothes .
 the movie be a complete waste of time .
 if you want to see Quinn , rent Lawrence of Arabia or La Strada .
 if you want to see nude woman or bad act , rent any porno movie .
 the alarmist be so abysmally script that you have think to yourself why on earth do an up and come actor like David Arquette agree to be in it .
 it have to be one of the weak plot I have ever see and without any humour at all , it border on the brink of tedious .
 it stagger along to a dreadful conclusion which appear to only happen because the director get bore and just want to wrap up quickly in order to get home for his dinner .
 stay away !
 .
 this be the bad movie i have ever see .
 i be not kid .
 the next time it come on , i will just continually run my head into a wall .
 it would me more enjoyable to sit in an emergency room try to explain to a doctor why my brain be swell than attempt to make it through this movie again.i hope that black and still never work together on a project this bad again .
 they be both good comedian , so i be shock this be so awkward.if they have to do it all over again , i be pretty sure that they would decide to not do it .
 the folk that front the money , must have lose a ton .
 not really- because the special effect ( all @card@ of them ) be terrible .
 Bonjour Tristesse cover similar ground as 'The Member of the wedding .
 ' to wit , a possessive daughter try to prevent a relationship from form between a beloved family member and an interloper .
 while critic love 'Member of the wedding , ' I find Julie Harris to be a jumbo-drag and an adenoidal , scenery-chomping Thespian in everything she have be in .
 this portray irritate , rich idiot as in last year at Marienbad , but this time it be a travelogue.In this Preminger movie sequence develop , but character do not .
 for the first @card@ minute he be content to blur the father-daughter relationship between Seberg and Niven , make uncomfortable sexual reading possible .
 once the conflict be introduce , Seberg ca n't deliver the depth the part require .
 Kerr pull rank and turn the film into 'Endless love .
 ' Seberg 's vacuous narration , be like something out of strange interlude - it be not good .
 I really wish someone other than Niven be in his role .
 he spend so much time normalize orthodox British behavior in all his movie , he never get around to the character.In the most memorable sequence , an evening out dancing become a free-for-all in a harbor .
 Bertolucci steal the entire scene for his empty exercise , 'The conformist .
 ' Kerr be on board to clasp her hand and portray another major pain ( as in Black Narcissus , Night of the Iguana , King and I , Heaven Knows Mr .
 Allyson , Tea and Sympathy , etc .
 etc .
 ) .
 really , Kerr be a horrible actress .
 I wish every movie with her could end with a fatal car crash , or even well , start with one.People uncomfortable with ambiguity should avoid this .
 this be quite possibly the bad acting i have ever see in a movie.. .
 ever .
 and what be up with the casting .
 the lead lady in this movie have some kind of nose dis-figuration and be almost impossible to look at for any period of time without become fixate on her nose .
 you could go to your local grocery store on a Sunday afternoon and easily find @card@ more qualified , well look possible lead lady .
 i make the unfortunate mistake of rent this movie because it have a 'cool ' DVD case .
 this movie look like it be just some class project for a group of multimedia student at a local technical college .
 i would rather have spend the hour or so that this movie be on watch public access television.. .
 at least the special effect be good and the people on there be more attractive than anyone you will see in this film Stupid and just plain weird movie about some kid who become traumatize when he find out Santa be n't real ( ?
 ?
 ?
 ) .
 he grow up and become an adult ( Brandon Maggart ) who make list of people who be naughty or nice .
 One Christmas he snap and set out to kill the naughty people--dressed as Santa of course.Boring and just plain bad killer Santa movie .
 if you be look for gore , it be not here .
 only a few of the murder be show and they be not that gory with VERY fake effect .
 most of the movie just contain Brandon Maggart talk to himself and slowly go crazy .
 the script be trite , the acting be terrible and it lead to an ending which have me stare slack-jawed at the TV .
 seriously , I have to rewind the tape and watch it again to make sure I be n't hallucinate !
 really really poor ending.If you want a scary Christmas flick rent 'Black Christmas ' ( the original 70s version---NOT the terrible remake ) .
 avoid this one at all cost .
 when I be watch a film , I be aware that it be ` just a movie , ' but nonetheless I do like to allow myself to become engross as much as possible under the circumstance .
 I think this be what make us cry , scream , laugh , or otherwise react emotionally as audience member , even though , deep down , we know it be ` just a movie .
 ' what I do n't want be for the movie to remind me it be just a movie so that I be unable to slip into the aforementioned engrossment regardless of the quality of the film .
 this film 's director choose to frequently use multi-angle camera shot simultaneously on the screen .
 maybe it be just me , but I find this to be terribly distracting and downright irritate .
 they might as well run a continuous banner across the bottom of the screen reading , ` attention : this be just a movie .
 do not allow yourself to become too interested or engross ' .
 if I want ` picture-in-picture ' , I will activate it from my TV remote , but never during a movie I want to enjoy .
 I think its pretty safe to say that this be the bad film ever make , when I see the trailer on TV i know right from second @card@ that this would be a piece of **** and it would be well to avoid it , but I somehow get drag into see this by some friend , I walk into the cinema with low expectation but i be hope there would be a couple of cheap laugh to keep me awake during this film .
 the so-called 'jokes ' in this film bring a cringe to the face , they be mostly comprise of people take hit to the face and ball , the baby look weird and act like a horny gangsta and the typical race joke we see so often in today garbage comedy .
 the film be obvious and the story be not only impossible to believe but also predictable and dull .
 the character be extremely annoy and heavily stereotyped .
 I never want to have to see this **** film again , I will rather take a bullet to the foot than be expose to this piece of fuckwood ever again .
 if anyone I see say they like it i will physically punch them in the face I be a Don Johnson fan , but this be undoubtedly the WORST movie , do by anybody , that I have ever see .
 the act be bad , as be the cinematography .
 Don should stick to do action , because as the King , he just do n't cut it .
 first of all , Jenna Jameson be the good actress in this movie , and she be just awful .
 this movie have every horror move clich in imagination , and all badly play .
 the over-sexed teen couple .
 the comical(not)horny jock .
 the snotty cool chick .
 the creepy local color guy .
 the parental-type couple .
 the virginal chick who amazingly never die in these film .
 the dialogue be so painfully awful and deliver with the depth of a wade pool .
 it be almost like you be wish that they will all die sooner .
 I see the rough cut of this film a while ago , but somehow , this just get bad .
 sure , the funny thing in here be the ghoul try to eat Jameson 's implant , but that hardly rate even a rental of this dog .
 avoid at all cost .
 during the cheap film in video beginning of Crazy Fat Ethel II , I wonder if it be the same film that be on the cover .
 unfortunately , it be .
 the story itself be mindlessly simple .
 Ethel , a homicidal maniac with an eating disorder , be release into a halfway house because of hospital overcrowding .
 she be by far the most sane resident watch while one man put dead fly into another be soup .
 Ethel be then tease by one of the halfway house employee with a chocolate bar after he hit on the cost cut measure of feed the resident dog food .
 Ethel retaliate by strangle him with a wire noose on the stair and then....well , you get the idea .
 if this all sound like fun , it be n't .
 this film be poorly make with cheap effect and even worse acting .
 the character be so wooden when deliver their line that they should be stand out in front of a cigar store .
 to make matter worse , half of the film consist of flashback to the first Ethel movie , Criminally Insane , which be little good .
 a VERY poor effort .
 all right I recently get a chance to rent this and watch Santa Claus conquer the martains .
 although the child be much more sadistic in SCCTM , I would have to say that Santa Claus be a much bad movie .
 as a Spanish assignment in Spanish @card@ we all have to watch it .
 I will tell you , usually when we watch a movie we be all just talk and eat food , but not for this movie .
 everyone just keep there jaw open wonder what the evil Mr .
 pitch be go to do next .
 would Merlin help Santa Claus !
 ?
 !
 or would his robot reindeer come and save the day ?
 I would suggest rent it because it be the big piece of rubbish I have ever see and I love it for that .
 :D I have the opportunity to preview this film as a member of a test audience , and the only thing which keep me in my seat be the chance to fill out the post-screening survey .
 I feel the film 's big problem be its lack of a main plot .
 instead , it be compose of ( too ) many sub-plots compete for screen time .
 as a result , there be not a single character who be develop enough for the audience to form any sort of attachment .
 what the director and producer fail to do be show us why we should care what happen to the character .
 in fact any one sub-plot and the character associate with it could have be remove altogether without serious detriment to the film .
 ( the time gain would have allow for the much needed development of the remain sub-plots and character .
 ) simply put , the Hungry Bachelors Club 's plate be overcrowd with side dish and appetizer when an entre be desire .
 the IMDb guideline state that you have to declare if your comment contain 'spoilers'.well , this whole film be something of a spoiler.. .
 a cautionary tale that glorify what it caution against , a tale of lost youth that do n't know where it itself be going.i just see this at the tribeca film festival .
 this film be n't just bad , it be really bad.the acting be inconsistent , the character be the mostly clich offering with little depth , and Farnsworth 's acting be very bad in particular.from the patronizing accent to the pointless plot line to the out of place 'graphic ' element to the repetitious dialog and scenarios.. .
 it suck the big one.i think he be look for sort of a more edgy , update 'drugstore cowboy ' with a touch of 'natural bear killer ' but it be no where as sensitive to the character as the former and no where as shocking ( outside of some frat-level gore ) as the ladder.more than anything , someone need to really a ) edit the screenplay(there be some thing in there to build on and clearlydeals with a worthy subject.. .
 if ham-handed in it 's attempt .
 ) B ) edit the film .
 if it be cut down to a core , it might be passable.i would go low than @card@ if i could.. .
 like maybe zero kelvin .
 -me and my sister have right now watch that movie .
 we have laugh to the deaf .
 can u imagine on cover there be nomination for Oscar ?
 ?
 --first , musician have mix about @card@ different style of music.. .
 and the music be not synchronize with the scene and the character moves...---main character Silvester do not fit in there .
 he look like Mexican Tarzan.----Russian soldier be everything but not Russian face :- ) -----ok , the main point : @ord@ airplane call charter paint in black...2 .
 what be an idea when Rambo go to jump from the airplane , but he stick ?
 rope mix @ord@ a girl ?
 the good scene be when she die .
 she mean a lot to him .
 he know her for age ?
 he cry for her , ... o my god samurai @ord@ how many arrow be he get ?
 his arrow bag be always full of the arrow ?
 i do n't notice a scene where he collect them - but i have see the scene where arrow stay in the Vietnam solder head - that be very important @ord@ how many rocket helicopter can hold ?
 ?
 ?
 ( real one ) i have see @ord@ but Rambo have hit about @card@ of them.6 .
 the main part .
 what the Russian special army helicopter do in Vietnam ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 after the war ?
 @ord@ first scene when he enter into Vietnam 's camp.. .
 his first idea be to liberate the refuge who be stand on the tree on the open space ' wow , what an idea than again : @ord@ with the knife u can cut the iron wire ?
 maybe only make in Vietnam ?
 @ord@ mortar - use for hit one running man ?
 o my god , u American really need to learn about the weapon !
 do u know how much it take to calibrate the mortar ( i think writer have be watch to much movie from II world war ) I have anticipate the various Sci-fi and thriller type movie this summer but be so disappoint about this particular film .
 while some people walk out of the film , I decide to stay , only to laugh along with the other moviegoer at the acting , lack of suspense , ridiculous ending and difficult to follow story line .
 I find myself almost as confuse as the main character in the film .
 the only redeeming quality of the film be the soundtrack .
 this be one of those budding star film which they later regret do .
 in retrospect , I would n't even rent this one , let alone pay more than $5 to see .
 this apology for a movie be about absolutely nothing !
 Rachel Griffiths must have need the money .
 the film must have be make on a very low budget , because the lighting be non existent .
 I make a vow if I ever see Pete Postlesumthingor other I will commit suicide .
 I will be happy to know if there be @card@ ) a plot or 2)a script .
 my big regret be I waste my time watch this rubbish .
 the film portray France 's unresolved problem with its colonial legacy in Western ( Francophone ) Africa through the befuddle and complex psychoanalytical prism of a young woman , France ( herein symbolically represent her nation ) .
 it be an often engaging and challenging portrait of a young woman 's desire to come to term with a traumatic moment in her past , in particular , and a nation 's desire to reach out to the 'other ' it once 'owned ' and mould .
 this be reflect in the way in which it centre entirely around the notion of travel ( or be in transit ) from the present to the past ; remember reality to undeniable contemporary political and economic actualities.The character all play a symbolic , albeit a limited and unconvincing role .
 France , mean to be a visual as well as a totemic representation of contemporary French society , leave one indifferent to her plight as she seem still to be imbue with the same naivet she enjoy as a child-in fact as a child she seem more in possession of her reality .
 the rest of the rag-tag ensemble be just forgettable .
 the black African be , to say the least , offencive impressionistic portrait of former colonise people now colonise by the director 's poor handling of her material .
 they be no more than a dark and moribund backdrop against which the blythe-like France wonder seek a world she never know , and hope for one that can never be find in Cameroon .
 OK , I do n't have high expectation but this film descend into depth I could not imagine.The plot , as it be , involve a priest of an obscure @card@ member order investigate the death of the founder of the order by a Sin Eater .
 the Sin Eater allow for Catholics to achive salvation outside the authority of the Church and be yet another immortal in film with load of ennui .
 Nevermind that this make no sense since then a Baptist could give you salvation....we will move on.I will layout the plot w/o give much away : the priest go to Rome with his buddy to investogate .
 he bring with him a mental patient ( I be not make this up ) who shoot him during an excorism and who love him ( not one lick of this BTW be explain ) , a drunk Irish priest and Peter Weller as a Cardinal .
 they get to Rome , find some creepy kid who do nothing in the film , meet with a bondage gear S&M ; anti-pope that the drunk Irish guy know ( not explain ) and who give information by kill people ( oh , BTW , he be a bad guy so he have an industrial/techno soundtrack ) and then...umm , seriously , I be not sure .
 the plot meander about .
 heath chill with the Sin Eater , fly to New York with the Sin Eater for an overnight and then some other stuff happen and then ( all off camera ) the anti-pope fall and the film ends.About @card@ hour into the film one really wonder if anything have happen .
 by the end something have happen but you ca n't be at all certain that it matter and since most of the drama take place either before the movei or off-scren you be really feel cheated .
 alright normally i be not as harsh on sequel especially if the first film be do well and be ultimately a good movie .
 as for @card@ i feel that one of the top five film be Cruel Intentions .
 it have everything a great movie should have except for an original story , be adapt from a novel it be still damn good .
 on to Cruel Intentions @card@ which be suppose to actually just be the opener for a series base on the film call manchester prep .
 which must not have happen .
 actually after see this trifle of a film i can understand .
 before the thing start i be like at least the writer and director Roger Kumble do this one also .
 well @card@ minute into this movie i be disappoint .
 it start off with a rehash of the opening of the original with a different twist sebastian instead of put the shrink daughter 's naked picture on the net he put the school principal wife in the school directory naked .
 this would have be alright if the lady be not like @ord@ and basically the rest of the movie be a wannabe carbon copy of the original .
 which i understand the if there be nothing wrong with it leave it the way it be .
 but you can not do that with a movie .
 this actually be a prequel i give it a chance just to see how they turn out like they do in part @ord@ but with Sebastian be more or less just a prankster and Kathryn be a herself and turn sebastian into the sexual predator he be in the real story , this movie have no foundation to it .
 whoever do the casting on this thing be way off .
 they could have at least try to get people who look like the original cast but no , they just hire a bunch of not even really good look actor .
 I be use this term although i dont know why .
 they for sure didnt do any in this movie.All this movie be a bunch of one liner that dont even match the wit that the original have , well some of them do but that be just because they be from part @ord@ another bad point be in part one you could understand the need for them to act out for attention because there be no involvement from teir parent this one have them in it and they be poorly use , as if to show why the kid be like this .
 it didnt work though .
 the good thing though about the original be that the cast have chemistry they take you into this world .
 the on screen tension that be there make the film what it be .
 this thing really ruin the experience of the first one stay way from this .
 a young couple Mandy Pullman ( Mitch Martin ) and Roy Seeley ( Matt Birman ) be relax on a beach in the small town of Galen .
 they decide to start play practical joke on each other .
 Mandy hide in an old run down cabin , she be attack and rape by an unknown assailant .
 Roy try to help her after hear her scream but be kill .
 Dr .
 Sam Cordell ( John Cassavetes ) and his daughter Jenny ( Erin Flannery ) be both new to Galen after the death of Sam 's wife .
 Sam be call into action by Police Chief Hank Walden ( John Ireland ) when Mandy and Roy be find .
 he perform the autopsy on Roy and treat Mandy for her horrific injury .
 soon after a curator at the local museum name Carolyn Davis ( Denise Furgusson ) be also attack and rape .
 a local journalist name Laura Kincaid ( Kerrie Keane ) report the event and suggest to Sam that a similar string of rape and murder occur in the town @card@ year earlier .
 more rape and murder occur .
 meanwhile Jenny 's boyfriend Tim Galen ( Duncan Macintosh ) have be have strange dream and nightmare and be convince that he have something to do with the horrific act .
 Tim 's story and digging into the town past make Sam become convince of the existence of a creature know as an incubus - a shape-shifting demonic entity that exist only to reproduce !
 direct by John Hough this be one seriously dull horror film .
 the script by George Franklin base on the novel by Ray Russell be slow to say the least .
 nothing interesting or exciting happen and it finish with one of the most boring none event of a twist end I have ever see and frustratingly it just finish suddenly .
 as the story plod along at a snail pace there be a few rape , but none be show on screen .
 there be only one gore scene in the entire film too .
 the monster itself be only show at the very end and have all of three short scene .
 everything about this film production-wise be very static and flat , the film have no energy or pace .
 the acting be dull and you do n't feel or care for anyone .
 check out the scene in the autopsy room where you can clearly see the boom mike at the top of the screen on several occasion .
 the type of rubbish horror film make that you will forget within a day .
 a real waste of time , do n't bother .
 let this film serve as the death knell to the 'big twist ' film bear out of the 1990s .
 know in some circle as the Kyser Soze Syndrome , this cinematic slight of hand have now be do to death by M. Night Shayamalan and even Ron Howard use a variation in a beautiful mind .
 however , in REVOLVER , director Guy Ritchie ( know in some circle as 'Mr .
 Madonna ' ) , utilize the Soze motif in a far more obsequious manner.Jason Statham ( with a highly questionable head of hair ) star as Jack Green ( know to all as 'Mr .
 Green .
 ' ) he may or may not also be criminal mastermind Mr .
 gold .
 or , perhaps Mr .
 Gold be an irritable spirit who can possess member of the underworld .
 I be not quite certain , but I certainly do n't care .
 revolver be one of the most overwrought example of cinematic excess I have have the displeasure to endure in quite a long time .
 witness the fractured time structure , the painful jump cut , the ceaseless inner-monologues , and the painfully pretentious animated sequence .
 this 'everything and the kitchen sink ' direct style make Quentin Tarantino 's oeuvre look sedate .
 the cinematic smoke and mirror only lead me to believe that Ritchie be as bore tell this trite tale as I be watch it.The film be fill with moment of revelation that be supposedly shocking but they only come as news to Mr .
 Green .
 I want to like Green as I always enjoy Stratham as a character who be two step ahead of everyone else .
 here , though , he struggle along like a remedial reader in a University English Literature class .
 his lack of wit be only match by the lack of restraint show by his nemesis , Macha ( Ray Liotta ) .
 feast on scenery like a starve man at a smorgasbord , Liotta spit , cry , and fume through the film in an embarrassing display of overact and leopard print speedos.There be no redeem quality to REVOLVER .
 it be yet another filmic faux pa from Ritchie and might even outdo his wretched remake of SWEPT AWAY as his bad film yet .
 first some background ; I be English and have live in London all my life .
 I have be to many game at 'The Den ' and most other London club ground .
 I be familiar with the type of person who get into hooliganism and I know just how they act and how they speak .
 have to say this be a bad , bad movie .
 I can tell you that Green Street be one of the most unrealistic movie I have ever see .
 I spend most of the movie cringe with embarrassment .
 I feel I should write a mini review because I feel I need to point out a few things.a ) people just do n't talk like that in London in real life ; the filmmaker take the whole slang thing too far and make it sound stupid .
 unfortunately hooligan type do exist , but those you see in Green Street be more like parody .
 b ) the actor who play Pete Dunham ( Charlie Hunnam ) unfortunately sound about as 'English ' or 'Cockney ' as Osama Bin Laden .
 he be from up north in Newcastle and I be just amaze any of the other actor could keep straight face act alongside him - how be we suppose to take him seriously .
 why they do n't just get someone from East London to play that part be beyond me .
 I could have do 'a bang up job ' myself , hehe .
 c ) Mr Frodo .
 I mean how can I be expect to take seriously Elijah Wood kick the ass of people twice his size and who be genuinely nasty hooligan .
 he will be dead .
 simple as that .
 honestly ( as a Brit ) it be hard to watch this film .
 I be pretty sure this film will bomb here in the UK .
 it may do a little good in the state because the Americans just wont know ( or care ) how inaccurate it is.Please my American and foreign friend , do n't believe a word of this nonsense .
 yes these firm do exist but it be all extremely underground and hush hush , and on a vastly small scale .
 the movie only get a @card@ from me because they actually film some of it in London .
 usually they try to film these thing in Cardiff ( Wales ) or something and expect us all not to notice .
 overall performance :- at last the long waiting AAG hit the screen .
 unfortunately , it could n't set progressive fire in the audience .
 the first good thing to talk about the movie be the idea of remake the mighty SHOLAY .
 and Varma make a nice choice of change the total backdrop of the movie .
 if he repeat the same Ramghad backdrop , people will again say there be nothing new in this .
 different background be appreciative but the way he present it be not worthy .
 right from the start of his career with Siva in Telugu , he have be use the same lighting and kind of background .
 I seriously dunno this guy Varma consider about lighting or not or may be he have no other lighting technique other than like Gordon Willis GODFATHER .
 it be all Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch .
 why would some body use so many Dutch angle and extreme closeup shot !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 the shot division be lame .
 character could n't carry an emotion , performance be not to their mark , Storytelling be bad , Background be really really terrible.Babban:- Amitabhz be over prioritized to his job .
 Varma produce great villain like Bikumatre , Bhavtakur Das , Mallik Bhai but this time he fail in carve the all time good character of Hindi Cinema .
 there be no comparison of Gabbar with Babban .
 Babban be a more psycho rather than a villain , still he have a soft corner for his brother ( it be a gift in this movie ) .
 Amitabhz performance be not to his mark .
 his appearance itself be pathetic .
 the scar on his nose , symbolize forgotten villain of black and white cinema .
 what ever they work on Babban be not successful .
 Babban be no comparison with Gabbar.Narsimha:- the first good thing about this character be not to put audience in suspense about his hand .
 if varma do that , it would be like teach ABCD to a Bachelor degree holder .
 Itz good he open the secret early .
 but the flashback be pathetic .
 Varma could n't use a great actor like mohanlal to his mark.Durga:- the only character with betterment .
 this character have be improve with satisfactory change and be use accord to the story.Heroo , Raj , Ghunguroo:- No body bother or at least consider these character .
 the utter failure of movie start when director could not work on the close friendship between our heroz .
 these character carry nothing to this movie.RAMGOPALVARMA:- his quality be degrading , diminish .
 AAG totally can be treat as a C grade movie .
 Sholay be a fire of revenge , problem of a town , mean for true friendship and highly appreciate nuisance and fun by Dharmendra .
 AAG never carry an emotion with its character .
 storytelling be too weak that it could not make audience feel sympathy for the character .
 do n't compare AAG with sholay , still u will not like it.If you dare watch this movie .
 you will be burn alive in RAMGOPAL Varma Ki AAG this movie be so awful , it be hard to find the right word to describe it !
 at first the story be so ridiculous.A narrow-minded human can write a good plot !
 the actor be boring and untalented , perhaps they be compel to play in this cheesy Film.The camera reception of the National Forest be the only good in this whole movie .
 I should feel ashame , because I pay for this lousy Picture.Hopefully nobody make a sequel or make a similar film with such a bad storyline :- ) Rodney Dangerfield be a great .
 he have do a lot of great work .
 but this one....is awful .
 the whole plot be whack .
 it could have be much good .
 the joke in the movie be n't funny....their stupid .
 this be very not so hilarious .
 he can do much good than this .
 I be a lover of B movie , give me a genetically mutate bat and I be in heaven .
 these movie be good for make you stop think of everything else go on in your world .
 even a stupid B movie will usually make me laugh and I will still consider it a good thing .
 then there be Hammerhead , which be so awful I have to register with IMDb so I could warn other .
 first there be the science of create the shark-man , which the movie barely touch on .
 in order to keep the viewer interest they just make sure there be blood every few minute .
 during one attack scene the camera move off of the attack but you see what be apparently a bucket of blood be throw by a stagehand to let you know that the attack be bloody and the person be probably dead ( what fabulous special effect ) .
 back to the science , I think it be very interesting that the female test subject be hold naked and the testing equipment require that they be monitor through their breast tissue .
 anyway this movie have poor plot development , terrible story , and I be sorry to say pretty bad acting .
 not even William Forsythe , Hunter Tylo or Jeffrey Combs could save this stinker .
 really ?
 ?
 ?
 I be truly amaze to see the glowing review here !
 this be one of the bad movie I have ever see .
 it be one big pathetic , grainy , clich .
 I would have laugh out loud , and a lot , but be on a date with an ex-military guy .
 I could not hide my other response , BOREDOM .
 yes , I think my date , a flat-line 'good old boy ' , like it .
 that be not a compliment .
 I know an actor want to work... .
 fine for the other .
 but Ralph , come on.It be a painful tease from Ralph .
 I vote a @card@ only because Ralph look So STUNNING .
 but I must plead , Ralph , how could you ?
 and , why ?
 ?
 I be go to go watch the end of the Affair to heal and recover now... .
 C1 this show seem to be kinda good .
 Kyra Sedgwick be an OK actress and I like police series , but somewhere in the production this program go awfully wrong.First of all , the writer should have more suspect than one , you know who do it EVERY time !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 that make it boring .
 the main character be unbelievably annoy and its not believable in any way .
 I know they want her to be tough , but shes mean , stupid and a bad chief .
 the crime be uninteresting and bland , and its just lame all the way .
 as state above , I hate it....All in all , this be a big disappointment and very bad indeed.. .
 a good cast be appallingly waste in this slow than molasses and haphazardly connive comedy .
 Peter Ustinov try hard here to bring something to life but the result be a dour bore that miss all the right beat that might have make it watchable .
 regardless of the favorable comment here , this film be awful .
 badly direct .
 badly edit .
 badly act .
 badly write .
 you need to sit through a hundred movie to come across one this bad.The muddle and excruciatingly laggard plot concern Ustinov con his way into an American insurance company in order to hack their computer and embezzle million of pound .
 how he do it be beyond lameness and credibility ( he just learn his computer skill seemingly overnight by read some pamphlet , and hoodwink computer expert Robert Morley into go to South America and steal his identity).As a side plot , Ustinov romance fellow loner Maggie Smith , who just happen to become his secretary by chance after he get a flat in her building .
 she end up sharing scene that have sexual undertone with Bob Newhart that go nowhere , while Ustinov go about graft the money bit by bit and try to keep one step ahead of Newhart and Karl Malden .
 then he Marries Smith and they fly off to Brazil , which have become the staple finale of almost every British caper comedy since ( Nuns on the run ?
 a Fish call Wanda ?
 )The surprise twist of an ending be more laughable than everything that come before .
 by the end I be think I must be truly off my rocker to stick out drivel like this .
 even a cameo by Cesar Romero do n't help it .
 one of the most unfunny , poorly pace 'comedies ' I have ever see , and certainly the bad caper .
 do n't waste your time .
 if you love this you need to see good film .
 I watch this on a weekend afternoon as there be simply nothing else on , it would have be more entertaining to chew off my foot and probably less painful .
 I urge anyone to watch this just to see how turgidly awful a movie can be , surely it be deliberate .
 I cringe at every futile attempt at humour carry out in such a childish , unrehearsed , badly execute way that it be beyond belief .
 this be the movie that make Spiceworld look like Goodfellas , think I be exaggerate ?
 well give it airtime and think again .
 dreadful , utterly dreadful .
 if this be n't a prank then the director and anyone else responsible for this should be remove and promptly shoot after be force to watch this film again .
 when I see that IMDb user rate this movie the bottom @card@ movie , I think it be too harsh but little do I know that the low rating be absolutely correct.I be a big fan of the Wayans brother .
 I love their Scary Movie @card@ and even enjoy White chick .
 little man , however , have very few laugh and the joke be stale.Obviously , the joke will revolve around Marlon Wayans , who play a grow midget that be recently let out of prison .
 he and his partner , Tracy Morgan , steal a diamond mean for a gangster .
 thing go awry and the midget have to place the diamond with an unsuspecting couple play by Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington .
 in order to get the diamond back , the midget pretend to be an abandoned baby leave on the unsuspecting couple doorstep .
 of course , he be take in and the drama begin on quest for the diamond.The movie have some actor and actress from Saturday Night Live like Molly Shannon and Rob Schneider as well from in live Colour .
 all these talent , however , can help the poor script and the joke which simply be not funny.The special effect to make Marlon Wayans to look like a midget be OK .
 I mean , it be not @card@ % believable but it be OK...nothing great .
 I just wish that the Wayans brother have put more effort into develop a script with good joke rather than try to shore up their poor script with cameo from their famous comedic actor and actresses.Wait for it on cable or television .
 it really be not worth any amount of money .
 we give up at the point where George Clooney 's character have his finger-nail extract .
 we be not squeamish - have sit through an hour of this drivel we just know what it feel like .
 to say this film be incomprehensible , boring , pretentious twaddle would be to over-praise it !
 how do people manage to sit through this confusing , slow , depressing pseud 's corner of a film , let alone nominate it for an Oscar ?
 Clooney look as ill as we feel watch him .
 what be he thinking ?
 oh .
 .
 and what be with those subtitle ?
 - do we just have a dud DVD or be the original film do like that - sentence leave hang in mid-air ?
 the film be hard enough to follow without that as well .
 I pity the cast , who obviously do their good with the material available .
 I think this movie be terrible .
 I be Chinese , so I think everything be totally wrong .
 many of the fact be incorrect .
 the only thing right about Chinese history in the movie be when Wendy 's mother explain to her husband about the statue that guard ShiHuangDi .
 I also think the fight scene be very cheesy and fake .
 many of the actor and actress be not very great .
 some of the joke that be supposedly 'funny ' be really stupid .
 I think this movie should receive the bad possible rating it could get .
 Disney have really get to get more information about Chinese history if they want to create an extravagant movie .
 Mulan be quite accurate .
 watch this movie if you want to waste some time .
 who me ?
 no , I be not kid .
 that be what it really say on the video case.Plot ; short version : pretty woman stand around smile .
 this , for some reason , make all man kill each other.'Find Ariel...Where 's Ariel...Ca n't find Ariel.. .
 ' she be right behind you , you idiot...Most of what can be say about this horrendous little Space Opera have already be say , look like.A bunch of corny actor play mostly convict come in after the first selection of actor be knock off very quickly .
 then they get knock off in the same way .
 every scene be broadcast nearly fifteen minute in advance .
 perhaps it be a drawing of straw to see which actor have the most screen time and big pay check .
 the alien virus/hologram/VR witch/glitch seem physically powerless and do n't do a thing .
 why ca n't she just stay in the computer instead of do her 'teleporting vampire ' routine ?
 ( actually , it would have be more interesting if she have be a vampire , or do more than just stand around look at people , which be all she ever do .
 this be enough to make all the man kill each other .
 go figure...)This be n't really a space flick .
 there be far more shot of the old western trail , @card@ 's Easy Rider trail , Film noir 's night club scene , even a jog on the beach in fantasy-land , none of which have any real depth or even make any sense .
 the night club scene be in black and white , of course .
 work with 'The Wizard of Oz ' .
 do n't work so well , here .
 this be probably a good thing , as those few shot they DO show of space be depressingly silly .
 you will probably cry during those moment , especially upon see that swirling 'space ship ' , which look about three inch long.Nothing be feel for any of the character , not because they be convict or have no personality , but because they be in serious need of act lesson , except for Billy Dee Williams who really do look depressed and at a loss , probably by be in this work...This be one of those movie that , when view with friend , be go to cause some extremely 'loud ' silence , especially when the nerd throw out his attempt at comic one-liner ( include the line about French-kissing a meteor.. .
 ?
 do I hear that right ?
 perhaps not...)The original virtual reality girl get 'killed ' , which mean nothing , as they be not even real to begin with .
 well , the other 'characters ' be n't , either , but that be beside the point .
 Haha.What 's kind of funny be that the scene that grace the video case be some sort of skull-horror-alien look thing ( green filter add on top of that , to give it more of a...uh...green look ) , which be actually the android after he get kill and ultimately have nothing to do with anything else afoot.Another odd deal I notice .
 whenever there be an explosion ( at least on my cheap DVD copy ) , everything become highly pixelated .
 I do n't mean a Little pixelated , I mean Huge block about 1/16th the size of the screen .
 wow .
 OK this movie have a terrible premise .
 be serious accord to the movie they have just be through an apocalyptic war yet they have money to buy huge robot and pit them against each other .
 each country decide instead of invest into rebuild their country they would rather fight with robot no one could afford .
 here be a good idea , let rely on our most inept resource,jocks , to fight our battles.Everyone say what about the director , what about him .
 he make a good movie , he make a bad movie .
 there be no reason to give this movie some credit just because of the director , maybe he be asleep ?
 I thoroughly enjoy this movie , because it be so cheesy and ridiculous I have to laugh .
 I actually have a good time watch it , well except for the cowboy mentor who turn out to be an assassin(trust me no one would see this guy as an assassin , so it be a surprise , however lame ) what kind of training exercise be a jungle jim anyway .
 I be sad to see Mst3k have not do this one .
 I be give a two star rating however because nothing could be as bad as 'manos the hand of fate.'The budget do not matter either , I have see plenty of reasonable movie that have nothing for budget like cube .
 the storyline be not even plausible and I have see well acting in school play .
 surly they could have afford an eleven year old from any middle school play.Anyway pick it up , it be a fun movie to watch .
 a young basketball-playing professor of genetics be do research on the genetic sequence , use human fetus .
 he hope to be able to find a cure for all disease and age .
 he be pressure into conclude his research because he have n't publish , so the university be have trouble justify funding him ( I think).He do a trial injection on a monkey , which quickly die .
 he then try it on himself .
 he start a relationship with the single mother of an extremely annoy little boy ; she be the one who have be demand result from the research.Initially , he seem to have no effect from the injection , except some new strength .
 he then realize that he have some memory loss , and start recall what happen .
 additionally , he start to appear very unhealthy.Since the movie be name metamorphosis , he do eventually change into something else .
 you wo n't believe your eye - either what he turn into , or the absolutely crappy costume the actor be wear to depict what he be turn into .
 incredibly , there be a further change in store - the end of the movie be really , really absurd.About the only thing this movie have go for it be that Laura Gemser be in it , but she have a very small part.I have once see a the video box for this with a sculpt plastic form glue to the boxcover .
 possibly it might even have have some electronics in it at one time , perhaps eye that light up ( the main character 's eye occasionally turn green in the movie ) .
 the copy I watch have a box that only show tear mark where the glue have hold on the plastic , which have be remove .
 the novelty boxcover , if it still have it , would have be the only reason I would have hold onto this movie ; I be definitely get rid of it .
 yes , people be racist .
 people be even racist in college .
 that be a good point , and the issue of racism have be deal with many time before in countless film .
 what set Higher Learning apart from the pack be that it deal with the issue of racism in the most ham-fisted and predictable way possible , oh yeah it be in college too.This film deal with this problem of racism the way Frankenstein deal with most problem , it bash you over the head repeatedly in a brutal and sluggish manner .
 most of the character be cartoonish , one-dimensional , caricature ( lesbian feminist , angry black man ) , that react to situation as dramatically and predictably as possible .
 instead of defy stereotype this film be overpopulated with them .
 the angry black man feel cheated , feminist hate man , etc .
 ( one feminist even hold a sign that read 'Dead man do n't Rape .
 ' see what I mean ?
 ) I do n't want to give anything away , but in this movie if someone seem like a shifty loner or a date rapist they will probably behave exactly how you expect them to .
 the change the character go through seem obvious to everyone but the people in the movie .
 the big twist in the plot hinge on whether or not the violent neo-Nazis will act like violent neo-Nazis .
 I will guess you will just have to watch to find out what happens.Another problem I have with this movie be that it be suppose to be 'gritty ' and 'hard-hitting , ' but they make Nazis the bad guy .
 I agree Nazi be evil , but that be my point .
 everybody think Nazis be bad ; we be not break any new ground here .
 Nazis have be portray as villain since the @card@ 's .
 the film do n't challenge any viewpoint or make bold statement .
 it just deal with issue we all know about in a clumsy , after-school-special like , manner .
 be anti-rape , anti-racist , and anti-Nazi be n't exactly take a hard stance on a controversial issue.Higher Learning be predictable , cartoonish , and in a word stupid .
 avoid at all cost .
 this movie frequently extrapolate quantum mechanic to justify nonsensical idea , cap by such statement like 'we all create our own reality'.Sorry , folk , reality be what true for all of us , not just the credulous.The idea that 'anything be possible ' do n't hold water on close examination : if anything be possible , contrary thing be thus possible and so nothing be possible .
 this lead to postmodernistic nonsense , which be nothing less than an attempt to denigrate established truth so that all idea , well-founded and stupid , be equal.To quote sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick , who put it so well , 'Reality be that which , when you stop believe in it , do n't go away .
 ' a black guy fight ... .
 and supposedly win ... .
 yeah ... @card@ .
 obviously fiction.So we be present with a Damm nice title , a real nice tag line and even a nice plot line .
 .
 Thats about it , thats where it ends. .
 we move into fiction after that.Michael Jai White , the black guy so do n't get confuse with the name. .
 portray a black guy. .
 Umm , thats all there be to the name..Its so hard to find decent help , must have hire the black guy friend to help cause the low budget , low ineptness of this movie , have the camera 's shadow trail the first scenes... .
 yeah obvious idiot moment for the average guy like you and me. .
 but yeah...10 line .
 review submit , .
 if you pay to see this movie , you get screw .
 as a single woman over @card@ , I find this film extremely insult and demean to single woman over @card@ , not to mention every other woman , of any age .
 it be a sad , pathetic attempt by a man to write and direct a 'chick flick ' , and it fail miserably .
 Andy McDowell be n't much of an actress to begin with , but give the non-existent 'plot ' ( I hate to even refer to it as a plot ) in this , she do n't have a chance .
 there be no character development , no reason to feel sympathy/empathy for any of the character , and no attempt to make the film in any way realistic or believable .
 and then there be the obligatory male-fantasy of an attractive straight woman suddenly decide to give lesbianism a try -- PLEASE.Not only do I wish I could get my money back for the DVD rental , I also want those @card@ minute of my life back .
 what a ripoff .
 this have to be one of the bad movie of all time .
 the graphics be horrendous , the act be B-movie and the effect be just plain Nintendo @card@ qualify .
 you would think that they would put a little more effort into it .
 of course , it be a Scifi channel movie so you have to expect it to be low rate , but this one take the cake .
 hell , I be still laugh .
 so , as a shake-your-head in disbelief movie , this one do well.Although it appear to have some 'known ' actor and actress in this , it be difficult for me to believe that they do not realize that the quality of this movie be worth their time and effort.The graphics might have be good in the '60 's or even early '70 be but come on , this be @card@ !
 I wont give spoiler out , let 's just say that if you have play 'Jurassic Park ' on the Nintendo @card@ you will be very familiar with what you see in this filmIt be definitely not worth the @card@ hour it take to sit through the thing from watch only the trailer to Theodore Rex , you would think this be a bad buddy cop comedy with Whoopi Goldberg and a guy in a dinosaur costume .
 that be true , but this be mostly a futuristic story , which look a lot like Batman Forever with it 's direction style and weird character design .
 it be mismarketed , and should have be market as a futuristic tale , instead of just a lame cop comedy .
 whether or not this movie be mismarketed , it be still a horrible movie.In the future , dinosaur have be bring back to life through amazing technology , and they talk and walk around like human .
 Teddy be a dinosaur detective who be never take seriously , but after a dinosaur be murder , he have give the case to work on , but he have to be partner with the tough cop of them all , Katie Coltrane ( Whoopi Goldberg ) .
 it be up to this mismatch duo to solve the murder , and it be up to the audience to stay awake long enough to make it through this piece of crud.Teddy start the picture as a normal acting character , but by the end he be unbearable to listen to .
 for some reason along with be a detective , he be also a bad comedian and a bad impersonator .
 he do imitation of famous people and accent , and have some truly awful line .
 Whoopi blame him for fart and he say , 'It be not my butt trumpet !
 ' Wow !
 what a puerile , immature line , even for a kid 's movie of this caliber .
 Whoopi be also annoy and rude to everyone .
 I be hope Teddy would bite her head off the entire length of the film.This movie never know what it want to be .
 when the futuristic scene and action occur , there be no comedy or humor .
 in any non-action scene , the character try to be as funny as they can , which just result in nonstop straight face boredome .
 the action scene do n't work as they be too weird and not violent enough , and as state earlier , the comedy be just a bunch of massacre joke .
 nothing ever work here.Having a dinosaur/human detective duo seem like a pretty original movie , if nothing else .
 Nope !
 this movie be a huge rip-off of who Framed Roger Rabbit .
 just replace dinosaur with cartoon , and set it in the future , and it be the exact same plot .
 a man be kill , a dinosaur be kill .
 a dinosaur and detective solve the murder , a toon and detective solve the murder .
 the bad guy in Roger Rabbit be Christopher Lloyd and weasel .
 the bad guy here be a guy who sound like Christopher Lloyd and guy who act just like the weasel .
 the club scene in Roger Rabbit where Jessica Rabbit walk down the stage be imitate with dinosaur .
 this be a huge rip-off of a much good movie !
 overall , this be a bad movie , not even deserving of it be straight to VHS stature.My rating : @card@ out of **** .
 @card@ min .
 PG for mild violence , language and crude humor .
 the only reason i be bother to comment on this movie be to save you all @card@ minute of your life and maybe your money.I buy it ex-rental for @card@ , it look interesting , so i take a chance.Within minute of turn it on i realise i have make a mistake .
 the entire cast should be store away until winter and then throw on the near log fire , where they could meet more of their kind.As for the Devin Hamilton ( Writer and Director ) , he should just be shoot , sadly this should have be do before he make this rubbish.Avoid this film , if you see it in the shop run away.1/10 for Daniel Auteuil , ` Queen Margot ' be much good .
 for Nastassja Kinski , ` Paris , Texas ' be much good .
 the big disappointment be from Chris Menges ( ` CrissCross ' and ` a world apart ' can even be compare with this one ) , and Goran Bregovic for use of a version of the same musical theme from ` Queen Margot ' for this movie ( attention to the end of the film ) .
 if this be an American pop movie , I would not feel surprise at all ; but for a European film with more independent actor and director , a similar common approach about child abuse with no original insight be very simple-minded and disappointing .
 there be those bad guy who kidnap and sell the underage people .
 there be those poor child who hate people sell them and wait to be save by someone .
 and finally , there be that big hero who kill all the bad guy and save these poor child from bad guy .
 every character be show in simple black and white term : the good versus the evil .
 plus , from the very beginning , I could understand how the story would end .
 be this the end of the history of child sexual abuse ?
 I believe that the difficult issue of child molestation and paedophilia be much more complex than how it be portray in this not very original movie .
 I think this movie be not disturbing , but very disappointing .
 **Possible Spoilers**This straight-to-video mess combine a gun-toting heroine , grade-Z effect , Nazi , a mummy and endless lesbian footage and it be still boring ; the video 's @card@ minute run time only SEEMS like Eternity.The only good part be one of the blooper outtake , wherein the bad guy force a 400-pound Egyptologist into a chair--and one villain 's foot almost get crush under a chair leg .
 take this snoozer back to the video store and watch televised golf , bowling or tennis instead .
 why do they insist on make re-makes of great movie like 'High Noon ' 'From here to Eternity ' and this one ?
 why do they think that color be more engross to a viewer than stark black and white ?
 why do Robert 's insist on wear that dopey , broad-billed , baseball cap ?
 ...it make him look like Jim Varney.Why would anyone spend four hour suffer through this ?
 watch the original .
 then you wo n't have to ask yourself why .
 the script be nice.Though the casting be absolutely non-watchable.No style .
 the costume do not look like some from the High Highbury society .
 compare Gwyneth Paltrow with Kate Beckinsale I can only say that Ms .
 Beckinsale speak British English well than Ms .
 Paltrow , though in Ms .
 Paltrow 's acting lie the very nature of Emma Woodhouse .
 Mr .
 Northam undoubtedly be the good Mr .
 Knightley of all version , he be romantic and not at all sharp-looking and unfeeling like Mr .
 Knightley in the TV-version .
 P.S.The spectator can see at all Mr .
 Elton-Ms .
 Smith relationship 's development as it be in the motion version , so one can understand where be all Emma be try of make a Elton-Smith match ( besides of the portrait ) .
 this film star , among other , 'SlapChop ' Vince Offer ( who also write , edit and direct ) and Joey Buttafuoco--not exactly name that scream out 'quality ' .
 and with such uplift skit as 'Supermodels take a dump ' ( it be exactly what it sound like ) , a guy who rob a sperm bank ( the 'Rhymer ' ) , necrophilia with a rot corpse , black market fetus ( feature a guy scoop what be suppose to be them out of a jar ) , lot and lot of gay joke , a skit about a giant phallus who be a superhero and forced abortion .
 the skit be painfully unfunny ( such as 'Batman and Rhymer ' ) , the act not good enough to be consider amateurish and the film be crude just for the sake of be crude...and stupid .
 I truly believe a group of @card@ year-olds could have easily make a funny film with the same budget.Apparently this film result in a lawsuit by 'Slap Shot ' Vince against the Scientologists .
 frankly , I would n't know who to root for in this case !
 !
 !
 apparently , he allege that somehow Scientologists destroy his reputation and sink this film .
 no matter that the film be repellent junk from start to finish and @card@ % unfunny ( by comparison , Ebola be funnier)...and these be the nice thing I can say about the movie.By the way , that be Bobby Lee ( from 'Mad TV ' ) wear a diaper and participate in the dumb fake porno film .
 it be amaze his career could overcome this .
 this film be terrible .
 you do n't really need to read this review further .
 if you be plan on watch it , suffice to say - do n't ( unless you be study how not to make a good movie).The acting be horrendous.. .
 serious amateur hour .
 throughout the movie I think that it be interesting that they find someone who speak and look like Michael Madsen , only to find out that it be actually him !
 a new low even for him !
 !
 the plot be terrible .
 people who claim that it be original or good have probably never see a decent movie before .
 even by the standard of Hollywood action flick , this be a terrible movie.Do n't watch it !
 !
 !
 go for a jog instead - at least you wo n't feel like kill yourself .
 this be a truly wretched little film .
 admittedly the original ( un)holy trinity be govern by the law of diminish return with the third , 'The Final Conflict ' degenerate into a ridiculous sub-plot about half-way through the film apparently merely to provide the requisite needlessly convolute death that have by now become the whole raison d'etre for the 'Omen ' series .
 but then to foist this jumped-up TV movie ( beware purchaser of the Omen box set on DVD - do n't be fool by the widescreen ratio of the transfer , this be and be strictly small-screen stuff ) on the back of a series of generally fine demonic chiller be unforgivable , particularly , endorse as it be , by the exec.producer and producer of the first three movie Mace Neufeld and Harvey Bernhard .
 I have give-away the plot if there be any , besides the usual death scene ( hopelessly tone down for TV sensibility ) and some of the bad act I have see .
 all involve in this project down to the catering people should be ashamed this travesty ever make it to the screen , let alone masquerade under the Omen name .
 if one person be convince by my review to avoid this mess , I will feel good for it .
 I catch this stink bomb of a movie recently on a cable channel , and be remind of how terrible I think it be in @card@ when first release .
 many reviewer out there be n't old enough to remember the enormous hype that surround this movie and the struggle between Stanley Kubrick and Steven King .
 the enormously popular novel have legion of fan eager to see a suppose 'master ' director put this multi-layered supernatural story on the screen .
 'Salem be Lot ' have already be ruin in the late 1970s as a TV mini-sery , direct by Tobe Hooper ( he of 'Texas Chainsaw Massacre ' fame ) and be badly handle , turn the major villain of the book into a 'Chiller Theatre ' vampire with no real menace at all thus destroy the entire premise .
 fan hope that a director of Kubrick 's stature would succeed where Hooper have fail .
 it do n't happen.Sure , this movie look great and have a terrific opening sequence but after those few accomplishment , it be all downhill .
 Jack Nicholson can be anything but Jack Nicholson .
 he be always crazy and do n't bring anything to his role here .
 I do n't care that many reviewer here think he be all that in this clinker , the 'Here 's Johnny !
 ' bit notwithstanding...he be just awful in this movie .
 so be everyone else , for that matter .
 Scatman Crothers ' character , Dick Halloran , be essential to the plot of the book , yet Kubrick kill him off in one of the lame 'shock ' sequence ever put on film .
 I remember the audience in the theater I see this at boo repeatedly during the last @card@ minute of this wretched flick , those that stay that is...many leave .
 King 's book really never translate well to film since so much of the narrative occur internally to his character , and often metaphysically .
 Kubrick jettison the tension between the living and the dead in favor of style here and the result mess end so far from the original material that we ultimately do n't really care what happen to whom.This movie still stink and why so many think it be a horror masterpiece be beyond me .
 I buy this movie and after I watch it I decide that I do not care for it .
 the acting be Bad .
 be the principal a robot ?
 he have no personality and his facial expression do n't change through the whole movie .
 at time the voice do n't match up .
 people talk and their lip do n't even move .
 imagine turn the American national anthem into a cartoon .
 throw in a couple of cute animal , some terrible pun and a pair of roller skate and you will find yourself with almost an exact replica of this film.I remember see this when I be young ; I make my Mother rend it from the video shop about @card@ time .
 the story itself be n't too bad , it be just that any Marxist watching would certainly have something to complain about.If you do n't like America you wo n't like this film .
 this movie be like the thousand 'cat and mouse ' movie that precede it .
 ( the following may look like a spoiler , but it really just describe a large class of movie ) there be the passionate , wise main character , his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempt at humorous comment , the initially-hostile but soon soften gorgeous lady who trigger the inevitable 'unlikely ' love story , the love one take hostage , and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minion .
 everybody have see ton of these movie already , and 'National Treasure ' be like any one of them , with only a slightly modify wrapping .
 every turn of the story be easily predict ( and I can assure you I be not the sharp tool in the shed ) .
 I be quite tired of feeling trick for money after exit the theater from a Hollywood movie , and if you have ever feel that way too , heed my warning ; stay mile away from this movie .
 consider the original film version of 'The Haunting ' be in my top ten film of all time ' I approach this adaption with trepidation .
 I be right to be cautious as this film be a poorly write and badly execute load of old tosh , all those involve should be ashamed .
 the original be terrifying to me as a child for one reason !
 you see nothing .
 Robert Wise use innovative camera-work and superb lighting to generate fear and this be why it work be .
 the shame of the new version be that it rely on clever special effect and pyrotechnics to get from A to B , sad still be that the ingredient be there ( actor such as Liam Neeson , Catherine Zeta Jones ) to do something different .
 this film should only watch as an example of studio butchery !
 after see 'Driven ' on a plane flight to America @card@ year ago I truly believe I have see the bad film ever create , and I could relax safe in the knowledge I would never have to suffer that much in front of a screen ever again .
 unfortunately as I find out last night this be not the case .
 revolver be so monstrously bad I be actually think about recommend friend to go and see it , just so I do n't feel like I be the only one stupid enough for be con into watch this .
 its really quite amazing how much this film fall completely on its face with the constant , and I mean constant voice over of the main character , with totally inane pretentious nonsense !
 I be actually get angry in the cinema listen to Andre Benjamin 's utterly relentless drone for what seem like half the film , whilst all the time thinking - what would Turkish have do to this complete joke of gangster/con man , whatever he be suppose to be , when he make his 'offer ' ?
 I will tell you what .
 he would have tell him to f**k off , blow his head away , and watch with utter disdain as his equally inept partner waddle away as fast as his chubby little leg would carry him .
 I mean what be we suppose to believe be go through Jake 's head when they offer him their 'solution ' to his problem ?
 they be con man , therefore they must obviously also have the skill to cure incurable blood disease !
 I mean ffs .
 do n't he start to wonder why his symptom be n't get bad ?
 do n't the penny drop on the third day what be happen instead of Richie subject the audience to a painfully patronise phone call from Avi to Jake to let him know he have be conned.Anyway , I can add a small positive note to the film by move on to the dry humour if provide , thankfully of a similar standard to his previous film .
 bulls**t !
 this film do n't try anything as smart as redeem itself through some well time amusing line , oh no .
 it somehow manage to be so disastrously unfunny I genuinely do n't hear so much as a titter from a completely pack cinema and anyone who know the UGC in Sheffield know how full a main screen can get , and not @card@ person so much as smile .
 maybe he never want the film to be funny , and fair enough you can still make good gangster film without comedy , but what be he plan on hang this film on may I ask ?
 the unnecessarily baffle plot !
 ?
 ?
 I sincerely hope not !
 by far the most satisfying moment I go through last night be hear the very loud sigh come from ALL direction of the audience as everyone desperately pray for the film to end .
 it be also really quite amusing watch just how fast patron be fight and dash for the exit after they realise it be over , and they be free from their torment !
 I will round this off ( I have get to finish , write this be make me angry again ) by elaborate on the 'end ' .
 I mean sh**t !
 the ending. .
 no , sorry I ca n't , your just go to have to go and see it .
 it ca n't be put in word , it just ca n't , and after you have see it you will know why .
 Uuhhhhh shudder after watch this , I have lose a little respect for Christopher Lee ( this have pass over time ) .
 this film be utter garbage .
 first , they try to recreate the ending from the first 'Howling , ' with incredibly bad make-up .
 then they try to turn it into a sad excuse of a werewolf porn film !
 the plot suck and the whole film be just awful !
 !
 !
 !
 a brother of a werewolf victim from the first film ( from the look of it , it be supposed to be Dee Wallace Stone)teams up with Lee and another woman to destroy the group of werewolf , lead by Sybil Danning , who seem to be naked all the time.This be not even worth rent ( unless you want to waste your time and money watch the nudity .
 ) .
 try to catch it on cable instead .
 it would be so chop up , it may actually make sense .
 as an actor I really like independent film but this one be amateur at best.The boy go to Vermont for a civil service yet when the plane land it fly over a palm tree - be the director aware that palm tree be not in Vermont ?
 pine yes - palm no .
 and the same for the wedding service - again nice grove of palm trees.When the boy be leave Vt they apparently could not get a ticket on any major airline since the plane that be film be Federal Express .
 do they ship themselves overnight in a crate ?
 come on guy little detail like this separate an indi film from totally amateur.The Christian brother be far gay than Arthur with his bleach hair and tribal band tattoo .
 the two should have switch roles.The minor character be laughable and overact something terrible.Applause to the director for make a gay film but pay some attention to your location and cast next time this movie be an utter waste of time , the plot be awful , the dialogue be awful.The act be OK , but the actor have absolutely no plot or script to work with .
 the photography and some of the special effect be OK , too , but again there be nothing interesting in this movie to watch .
 there be no logical progression to the story , the story line be utter nonsense .
 it be n't even scary .
 for a movie to be scary , there have to be at least a small element of believability .
 this movie have no believability at all.There be only three character in the movie .
 each character be shallow and have no personality.Most of the special effect and make up work be both badly do , or at most mediocre.I hope you read this and do not waste time on this movie unless you be curious to see an entirely awful movie .
 it be sad when you can see what a movie be attempt to do , and it be quite obvious that it fall far far short of the mark .
 film student should take this as a lesson and a warning .
 would be graduate have an idea .
 he want total control .
 so he write , direct , produce , his cinematic masterpiece all by himself .
 usually , his concept be far beyond his budget .
 usually he write an overblown script full of every tag line he can come up with .
 usually , he be more interested in the grand sweep of the story rather than on the nitty gritty of work with actor on individual scene .
 usually , he end up with a movie that be feeble in it 's attempt to create miracle on a tiny budget .
 usually , he end up with a series of encounter ( we can do justice by call them scene ) that feel like they be write by a @card@ year old .
 and usually he end up with badly act scene that fail to grab the viewer .
 when you look at judge from this perspective you can immediately tell it be just the usual fare .
 'Show me your booby !
 ' be not funny , and certainly not on a channel that show cartoon if you understand where I be come from .
 I do n't want my @card@ and @card@ year old daughter think like that or hearing that .
 I find it sad that Nick hyp this crap THAT much and then that be what we get , stupid little kid act like stupid adult .
 I know it be mean to be humorous but consider we out there that have sweet little innocent girl in K and 1st Grade who ca n't wait to see this .
 I have to comment on how disappointed I be when I see it .
 my daughter wo n't be watch it .
 I will love to block Nick but do n't have the heart at this point but if Nick keep put out this kind of crap I will have to .
 this move be slow , plod , cold , dark , and without a plot or hope .
 it follow that tried and true European formula that they love to subsidize , that be never see , but that the critic think make an 'important point'.The movie be valuable if nothing more than to show the huge difference in the thinking between Americans and Europeans regard employment .
 in this movie the man be still nurse their wound from year ago and feel it be the government 's duty to provide them with work .
 whereas in the U.S. we know we have to go out there and create value for someone.Spain never look so backward !
 what I think I will probably like good about the new Star Wars film , 'Phantom Menace ' , be that it will likely blow 'Titanic ' out of the water , if you will pardon the pun , when it come to sheer devastating box office receipt , and thereby knock it out of the number one spot .
 every time I hear someone declare 'Titanic ' be the great film they have ever see , I think to myself , 'You do n't see a lot of movie , do you ?
 ' what a travesty .
 you could make @card@ good film that be a lot well than 'Titanic ' , and for the same price tag.'Well , it win lot of academy award , lot of people really love it , ' as someone might say in its defence .
 well , lot of people like the Spice Girls and billion and billion of people eat at McDonald 's , but that do n't mean it 's high quality .
 yes , million of Elvis fan Can be wrong.I will be the first to admit , that part of the problem for me be the mega-hype over the film .
 I wait a month or so to see it and ultimately , it do n't live up to the expectation set upon it , which simply call more attention to the appallingly stupid love story .
 it be true , 'Phantom Menace ' will likely suffer a similar fate .
 but.James Cameron 's 'Titanic ' be .
 a ) a cheesy action flick thinly disguise as a serious period piece .
 b ) a three-hour epic that have it be fine moment give away in the trailer .
 c ) a sappy love story beyond belief or entertainment .
 d ) something leave well to documentarians , which I would have enjoy much more .
 e ) a film with arrogance that live up to the level demonstrate with the real ship .
 f ) a robbery of @card@ hour that I will never get back , therefore the great motivation for a time machine I can think of .
 when I meet someone who have n't see it yet , I say , 'I wish I could trade place with you .
 ' g ) a slap in the face to any genuine victim of hypothermia .
 how long be we suppose to believe that people can be immerse in freeze cold water and still form intelligible sentence ?
 h ) thankfully a film that be n't recognize for any act achievement at the Oscar .
 i ) a technological achievement in filmmak , and little else.The only reason I post this as a anonymous comment be I do NOT welcome the rebuttal of @card@ thirteen year old Leonardo Dicaprio fan who will no doubt come to his defense , and I be not really interested in hear a defense of Titanic 's story , act or length .
 I suppose all the inside joke be what make Munchies a cult classic .
 I think it be awful , though give the ridiculous story and the nature of the character , it probably could have be a much good ( and funny ) movie .
 maybe all they need be a real budget.Munchies , as many viewer have point out already , be something of a Gremlins parody .
 hence , all the reference to the movie .
 the movie begin somewhere in Peru during an archeological dig .
 an annoy dufus name Paul , aspiring stand up comedian who offer no sarcasm or witty joke during the movie despite his career plan , be hole up with his dad in the cave .
 his dad be an unconventional kind of archeologist , search the cave not for artificats or mummy or anything , but proof of U.F.O. 's .
 and that be where the Munchies come into the picture .
 hide in the crevice of a rock be an ugly little mutant that look like a gyrate rubber doll with a Gizmo voice .
 they name him Arnold , stash him in a bag , and bring him home so Paul 's dad can finally show proof of extra terrestrial life.Paul , the idiot that he be , break his promise to his dad to watch Arnold ( a wager he make with his dad , if he lose , it be off to community college to get a 'real ' career ) .
 the creepy next door neighbor with the bad rug , Cecil ( television veteran Harvey Korman ) , wonder what his neighbor be up to .
 so , he and his lazy son , some airhead hippie type ( who look more like they should have make his character a biker or heavy metal enthusiast ) to go and snatch Arnold .
 why ?
 a get rich quick scheme of course .
 and of course , even Cecil 's son be too dumb to look after Arnold .
 and after a few poke and prod at Arnold , he multiply into more Munchies.This be n't even a movie that be so bad it be good .
 it be just plain awful .
 I be hope that the Munchies would have mutate and kill the moron that be always after them , even Paul and his girlfriend .
 at least it would be one way to get rid of all the bad acting in this movie that really ham up the movie .
 not to mention poor special effect that look like hand puppet .
 and really bad write all around--it be n't even funny--not even that young cop who can really give you the homicidal twitch in your eye .
 like I say , Munchies , if they have be give an actual budget and good actor , they might have be able to pull off a good parody .
 pass .
 I be glad that I see this film after Mr.Sandler become famous.It be bad....bad,bad,bad .
 there be no plot .
 it be like watch a painfully dull home movie.I really enjoy his other films......but if you be a fan like me....stay away from this one .
 it may change your thought on Adam .
 you may never recover from the horror that be this film....I have have a good time watch old folk play scrabble in a home...... .
 ( aka : the Bloodsucker Leads the Dance)Lots of naked babe in this one with a couple of lesbo scene throw in .
 the film be suppose to take place in Ireland but it look more like Rome and the Adriatic to me.Gothic lesbian get invite to a Count 's island castle for the weekend .
 one by one they seem to be miss their head due to a madperson run around.It be not very scary or bloody and the room look like they be light with floodlight even though candle be light .
 go figure...(sic)Dubbing be bad than usual and the plot only serve as an excuse for the eroticism and nudity .
 direct by euro horror actor Alfredo Rizzo , this be one snoozer.Pretty bore @card@ out of @card@ the bad movie in the history of cinema .
 I do n't know if it be try to be funny or sad , poignant or droll , but the end result be unwatchable .
 everyone from Key Grip , to Robin Williams , and back down to Best Boy should be ashamed to be a part of this film !
 Wow...where to begin...picked this up at Big Lots for only $2.99 .
 that be three buck I will never see again...ever...and for what ?
 I will tell ya .
 an hour and fifteen minute of boring , boring , boring chat and college angst that seem more suitable for a Lifetime movie than the horror flick advertise on the box .
 ( May the marketing droids who design it burn in Hell for all eternity ) .
 follow that up with a little bit of cheap gore ( not even good gore mind you.. .
 ) and a plot twist at the end that come out of nowhere , and make no sense .
 awful , awful , awful...Was there any redeeming quality ?
 well , on the Joe Bob Briggs scale , there WERE six breast involve , but that be hardly worth my long lose three buck .
 without those , this coulda be on Sci-Fi at , say , two or three in the morning...Bmoviefreak and it do .
 it be through my experience that when a horror film reach 'franchise ' status , and subsequent title be release thereafter , they all , in turn , become strike by one inevitable factor : irrelevance .
 omen IV : the Awakening make no exception to this rule , feature another small child supposedly embrace their role as the Anti-Christ , foretell by a religious prophecy .
 have n't we see this before ?
 be n't it enough that , over the span of three film prior to this release , we have experience the rise and fall of Damien Thorn ?
 if you be a horror enthusiast such as myself , you will realize that it be common for a horror movie that have many sequel and prequels to its credit to fade away into redundancy - child of the corn , Hellraiser , Phantasm ; the list go on .
 at this point in the game , I be sure you know what to expect when you be prepare to view the fourth title in a series .
 regardless , there be time when you sit back and realize how shameless some filmmaker be .
 omen IV : the Awakening be just that , too - a shameless money make exercise.This film do not offer anything new or intriguing to the Omen lineup .
 as unique and genuine as Omen IV try to be compare to its sibling , the similarity and plot device be embarrassingly alike .
 element like the guardian dog , the involvement of a priest , the skepticism of the people involve , the decapitation death scene ( clearly a homage to the original film when the journalist be behead by the sheet of glass)...even right down to the father 's involvement in politics and prestige within the community make it too predictable.Although it be common to star a B-Rated cast into a horror title this far into a series , the acting be off the chart , chock-full of ridiculousness and unintentional humor due to some of the poorly deliver line throughout this film .
 the atmosphere have completely vanish in comparison to the first three title .
 in addition , the epic score compose by Goldsmith in the previous movie have be replace by an auditory debacle ; an absolute joke , and make me wonder if it be actually intend to be use for this film or just pull from a 'bank ' of stock audio...which really say something , because rarely do I comment on the lousy misuse of a musical score - until now.All in all , I will call Omen IV : the Awakening a failure .
 in the world of horror movie that carry a long list of title behind them , some manage to hit the mark and some do n't .
 if you be interested in create another notch on your weathered horror belt such as I be for completion purpose , perhaps you could carve this title into it as well - if not for entertainment value , then to appreciate when a film be execute properly , or poorly .
 I agree totally with the last commenter this could be the bad movie ever make .I too have to fast forward through most of this movie .
 Michael Madsen must have do this movie as a favor to someone.The picture quality be grainy all the way through .And what little plot there is,is just plain stupid .I give this movie a @card@ out of @card@ if I could give it a low score I would .Do n't waste your time on this movie or you will regret it .
 would n't it be great if not another Teen Movie actually put an end to all of these stupid , pointless , I be get more sex than you be teen movie ?
 in a perfect world , yes .
 yet this one be even bad .
 this one be not humiliate for the star , it be humiliate for the distributor .
 all of the joke be basically college student expose stuff that people probably have No interest in see , yet it be 'funny .
 ' Devon Sawa , who be actually good in Final Destination , be just plain dull in this movie .
 it make you wonder if it be be bad on purpose .
 grade : f back in his youth , the old man have want to marry his first cousin , but his family forbid it .
 many decade later , the old man have raise three child ( two boy and one girl ) , and allow his son and daughter to marry and have child .
 soon , the sister be bore with brother #1 , and jump in the bed of brother #2.One might think that the three sibling be stick somewhere on a remote island .
 but no -- they be upper class European go to college and busy in the social world.Never do we see a flirtatious moment between any non-related female and the two brother .
 never do we see any flirtatious moment between any non-related male and the one sister .
 all flirtatious moment be share between only between the brother and sister.The weak part of GLADIATOR be the incest thing .
 the young emperor Commodus would have hundred of slave girl and a city full of marriage-minded girl all over him , but no -- he only want his sister ?
 if movie incest be your cup of tea , then Sunshine will ( slowly ) thrill you to no end .
 OK , this have get @card@ be one of the bad excuse @card@ a movie that i have ever have the misfortune of watch .
 like all other Olsen twin movie with the possible exception of new york minute , this film have no story , gape plot holes,disgustingly putrid acting and bad film even !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 in case you have n't guess yet @card@ hate Mary Kate and Ashley !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 the only reason i watch this be because i be really bore and nothing else be on .
 I wonder if the twin will ever stop make the same stereotypical movie where they have an unbelievably stupid adventure in an exotic location and save the day meanwhile get the help of two cute guy who drool over them immediately .
 the least they could would be to have a guy @card@ @card@ of them or have them both fall @card@ the same guy .
 the plot in this story be so imbecilic and just plain dumb .
 even a toddler could see the flaw in it.Maybe they should split up and start make film individually or maybe film with a different kind of story .
 anyone who like this movie be no offense-either really stupid , really artificial or have not see any really good movie .
 or maybe they be really smart and just have bad cinematic choice .
 either way i would not recommend this movie to my bad nemesis for a good movie experience. .
 the only thing it be good @card@ be some rib splitting laughter at the pathetic attempt to be cool .
 if you watch for laugh it be hilarious .
 basically i give it @card@ or less .
 I see 'Myra Breckinridge ' when it first come out in @ord@ I be a healthy 20-year-old at the time , who love movie and really like Raquel Welsh .
 on top of that , I have read the Gore Vidal novel it be base on and think it be very funny .
 I see the movie at a local drive-in and about half way through I be sorely tempt to turn the motor of my car on so that maybe I will die of monoxide poisoning and not have to see the rest of this shipwreck of a movie .
 it be n't 'smart ' or 'trendy ' , it be gross and sloppy .
 all the actor be tone deaf and the director do n't have the slight idea what he be do .
 the casting of Mae West be one of the bad casting choice in movie history .
 as one reviewer here say , her role have nothing to do with the movie or book .
 her character in the book be sexually beat up by the young stud , which would never do for the legendary Ms .
 West .
 oh no , the plot be change so she sexually beat HIM up , very believable from a 77-year-old woman who look every day of her age .
 I could go on , but why ?
 it be an awful movie.Bluto ...then they will have a proper place to file this crap .
 sorry , not a 'mystery ' as claim , it be religious mumbo-jumbo .
 I keep wait for the 'unimaginable evil ' that be promise me , but the 'evil ' in this flick would only be unimaginable by a five year old with learn disabilities.I ca n't believe that they actually manage to find some big name actor willing to be involve in this embarrassment .
 unfortunately it have forevermore change my opinion of them , and I will likely avoid anything they do in the future .
 I be also a little cheese off that I now have a writer 's name and director 's name to memorize as I will be avoid anything they do like the plague from now on too.It be really unfortunate that all the religious fanatic post on here and say that this movie be @card@ out of @card@ , etc .
 will get their review post first .
 this could lead to more people get trick , as I be , into believe this movie be something other than religious preaching.Well , it be off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising .
 too bad they ca n't give me back the @card@ minute I waste watch this thinking that it be actually a Hollywood horror/supernatural film .
 I be give this movie a @card@ because there be no negative number in IMDb rating system .
 this movie be horrible .
 it be very badly act , the story be poorly write , the action be unbelievable .
 I doubt even the Salvation Army could battle as poorly as the troop do in this film .
 I wo n't even write any plot spoiler because the movie just be n't good enough for plot spoiler .
 to write comment on the plot would be pointless .
 if I be to compare this movie , I will have to compare it to Reign of Fire , however although I do n't like Reign of Fire either , that movie at least be good than this one.Some of the people in the theater leave before the movie be even halfway do .
 the only reason I do n't be because I simply do n't think to do it .
 I be hope for a feast of CGI and fight masterfully do , but that be n't what happen .
 the martial art last all of @card@ second and that be from an exercise routine do during the flash-back scene , very disappointing .
 the CGI be not do well either .
 one scene come to mind .
 during one of the early tank battle , the troop be fire away at......nothing .
 someone forget to cue the animation guy on that bit of film so the street be totally devoid of bad guy .
 I be also think the bad guy 's voice be dub by the voice-over of Imotep from the Mummy movie .
 have that same scraggly echo thing go on .
 ( someone owe some royalty , here ?
 ) since I mention the fight scene , I will say yeah that might be consider a spoiler , but only to the purist I suppose.Do n't go see it , do n't buy the DVD when it come out either .
 you have be warn .
 as a member of the cast , I be a member of the band at all the basketball game , I would like to let the world know after be in the movie , that we be not allow to see it since it be ban in Oregon .
 this be due to the producer and the director break the contract with the University of Oregon where it be shoot .
 seem that the U of O sign be show .
 while we be shoot , we be allow to eat several meal with the cast and production staff .
 Mr Nicholson be quite memorable for be one of the most ill-mannered man I have ever meet .
 quite a time for a young @card@ year old .
 but certainly not what campus life be really like in the late @card@ be and early @card@ be despite what Hollywood may think .
 trombone player from Oregon the cover of the box make this movie look really good , do n't be fool .
 splatter university come out in @card@ which be the last good year for horror , but this movie suck .
 the character be so annoy .
 only the teacher be cool .
 there be like no plot to this movie , who the hell would ever produce this waste of a film ?
 spoiler up aheadthe teacher die in this , and it be a female , we all know that we must have a female surviver , if you be go to break the rule do it in a good horror flick not this waste there seem to be an overwhelming response to this movie yet no one with the insight to critique its methodology , which be extremely flaw .
 it simply continue to propogate journalistic style analysis , which be that it play off of the audience lack of knowledge and prejudice in order to evoke an emotional decry and outburst of negative diatribe.Journalism @card@ : tell the viewer some fact only in order to predispose them into draw conclusion which be predictable .
 for instance , the idea of civil war , chaos , looting , etc be all supposedly unexpected response to the collapse of governmental infrastructure follow Hussein 's demise : be these not all symptomatic of an already destitute culture ?
 doctrinal infighting as symptomatic of these vein of Islam itself , rather than a failure in police force to restrain and secure ?
 would they rather the US have declare marshall law ?
 i be sure the paper here would have explode with accusation of a police state and fascist force.aside from the analytical idiocy of the film , it take a few sideliners and leave the rest out claim 'so-and-so refuse to be interviewed.. .
 ' yet the question they would have ask be no doubt already answer by the hundred inquisition those individual have already receive .
 would you , as vice president , deign to be interview by a first time writer/producer which be most certainly already amped to twist your word .
 they could n't roll tape of Condi to actually show her opinion and answer some of the logistic of the question , perhaps they never watch her hearing.this be far from a neutral glimpse of the situation on the ground there .
 this be another bias , asinine approach by journalist - which be , by and large , unthinking herds.anyone want to comment on war ought at least have base their idea on thing a little more reliable than NBC coverage and CNN commentary .
 these interpretation smack of the same vitriol which simply create a further bipartisanism of those who want to think and those who want to be tell by the medium what to think .
 I will never forget the night I see this movie .
 we be on a submarine on patrol in the North Atlantic and this be the schedule movie of the evening .
 we all give up after the second reel .
 they do not even try to show it at the mid-night showing .
 opt for a rerun instead..... .
 this be all I really have to say but they have this stupid rule that my comment must contain ten line .
 I be not suppose to pad the comment with random word so I will just continue to ramble until I get my ten line of BS .
 I could not find George Goble list in the credit but I remember him in the movie .
 the sining be terrible and the song even bad .
 David Chase 's 'The Sopranos ' be perhaps the most over-praise television show in recent memory .
 not only be the series devoid of intellect and passion , it be devoid of a soul .
 as anyone reading likely know already , James Gandolfini *IS* Tony Soprano , a big , fat a**hole of a mob boss with a spoiled b*tch of a wife , and two bratty , sh*t-brained kid live in - you guess it - the armpit of America ( that be New Jersey , by the way ) .
 not only be Tony a womanize adulterer , he be also an unrepentant murder scumbag , with a crew of 'Saturday Night Live ' skit-worthy caricature for subordinate .
 it be not the fact that Tony be a piece of sh*t mobster that offend me ( and apparently only me ) .
 allow character to be who and what they be , without judgment , be something American TV hardly allow .
 but Chase - and his entourage of money-gorged , Emmy-gored writer - have not simply allow us to observe Tony and his crew as they behave , nor have they even attempt to provide any insight into the action / reaction reality of ( even obviously fictionalize ) organized crime ( a la 'The Godfather ' ) .
 instead , Chase glorify and endorse his character ' greedy , violent , and corrupt lifestyle in the same way that Tony , his wife , and even his hair-brained psychologist do week after week ( or should I say month after month .
 or be it year after year ?
 it seem like the show 's paltry 13-episode season come out with the same regularity as a lunar eclipse ) .
 much have be make of the series ' refusal to adhere to 'network ' structure , with plot line that go nowhere , and character that pop-up and disappear like backyard vermin .
 but if the show be so brilliant in its lack of structure , why do it always feel like I be watch a soap-opera ?
 tired mob clichs , bored housewife , self-serving , irredeemable character and plot that go nowhere .
 more than ever , I can see why so many Americans of Italian heritage be p*ssed at this show .
 it be enough to make you want to curl up with a good book ( Dant 's 'Inferno ' spring to mind).People on IMDb love to claim that there be nothing good on television , and therefore 'The Sopranos ' be a breath of fresh air .
 be these same people too busy pay their cable bill to watch 'The Shield ' ?
 ( it be include in Basic , ya know ) .
 how about the ( still good ) 'The West Wing ' ?
 or the brilliantly act ( if erratically write ) 'Boston Legal ' ?
 what about possibly the good comedy of the last few decade , 'Arrested Development ' ?
 and lest we forget that we live in an age of DVDs - nobody *has* to watch *anything* new .
 I will much rather shell out $40 for an over-priced box set of , well , pretty much *anything* , than give HBO $10 a month ( or $80 a DVD set !
 ) to continue to prove how much of a hack-factory it can be.You want good television ?
 watch 'Homicide : life on the Street .
 ' or 'Murder One ' .
 or 'Picket Fences ' .
 or even Chase 's prior show , 'Northern exposure .
 ' if you be already among 'The Sopranos' 's legion of brain-washed fan and critic , it be too late for you .
 but if not , leave Tony and his worthless kin where they all belong - rot with the fish .
 ( 'Sleeping ' would be way too kind ) absolutely one of the bad movie I have see in a long time !
 it start off badly and just deteriorate .
 Katherine Heigl be woefully miscast in a Lolita role and Leo Grillo manfully struggle with what be essentially a cardboard cutout character .
 the only cast-member with any enthusiasm be Tom Sizemore , who ham it up as a villain and go completely overboard with his role .
 the script be dire , the act horrible and it have plot hole big enough to drive a double-decker bus through !
 it be also the most sexist movie I have ever see !
 Katherine Heigl 's character be completely unsympathetic .
 she be see as an evil , wanton seductress who lure the poor , innocent married man to cheat on his wife .
 it be imply throughout the movie that she be underage , and the message that accompany that plot-strand just beggar belief !
 at the end , she be n't even able to redeem herself by shoot the man who be obviously ( ha !
 ) become dement with rage and guilt , but the script allow him to kill himself , thereby redeem himself in the eye of male everywhere .
 horrible .
 do n't waste your time .
 there be so many incorrect statement in this so-called 'documentary ' that I find myself shout at the television.Bart Sibrel might be able to produce a flashy look DVD , but he be sadly lack at look at the science behind his claims.He rely on either be inaccurate , not tell the full story , or the old favourite 'government always lie to us ' innuendo , and people believe what be tell to them and not check on the accuracy or detail behind the claims.What be more , his 'exclusive ' or 'unreleased ' footage be freely available over the Internet from various sites.Further reading about the circumstance regard the film of this production show that he use false pretense to gain interview , and have use creative edit of the response in order to promote his own opinions.All of the claim make by Mr Sibrel about 'inaccuracies ' , 'mistakes ' , or 'whistleblowing ' in the Apollo programme have be thoroughly disproven.How do I get that 40-odd minute of my life back ?
 in a time when the constitution and principal the United States be found on be trample underfoot by an administration desperate to distract attention from its own internal problem , where the Geneva Convention , human right and foreign sovereignty be unapologetically discard , a thriller about the state take illegal action that far exceed that of the terrorist they be counter might seem appropriate .
 however , if you want to see a film about that , try Ed Zwick have flaw the siege instead , because Nada be one of the most infantile 'political ' thriller ever make .
 like Robert Altman 's PRET-A-PORTER , the director have take on a subject he seem completely ignorant of , and imprint his ignorance on almost every frame.His terrorist be a wildly unconvincing group of stereotype - Fabio Testi dress as if he be audition for Mad Magazine 's 'Spy vs .
 Spy ' strip , Michel Duchaussoy behave like an absurd kid in the Hall send up of the sociology professor from hell , Mariangela Melato a cardboard middle-class revolutionary wannabe - who behave at every unconvincing plot turn as if they want to be catch .
 the corrupt authority fare a little good , but be still paint in unconvincingly broad strokes.It be possible to make a smart film about dumb people ( cf election ) , but this be a moronic film about dumb people make by people who think they be intellectual who be talk down to the mass .
 in truth , be one to recast Testi , Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney , Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed , the result would actually be to raise the intellectual content of the film , not low it.Chabrol might just have get away with his character and event if he take them seriously , but his staging be so inept ( the fight scene would embarrass a kindergarten class while the shooting of the kidnapping be more inept than the kidnapping itself ) and his inability to get his cast to perform with at least some approximation of recognisable human behaviour so blatant that it be actually embarrassing to watch ( special mention must be make here of Duchaussoy : so very good in Chabrol 's que LA BETE MUERE , he be stunningly bad here in a performance that be so far over the top it be back again).Chabrol have make some fine film , but you would never guess it from this amateurish mess - a newcomer to his work would never want to see another of his film after this , which would be a great shame .
 utter drivel , and a sad waste of a potentially interesting material .
 one star out of ten - and that be be very generous .
 there be a reason why this make for British TV movie only appear at the @card@ Toronto Film Festival .
 it be dull , plod and lack in suspense.Peter OTooles diffident performance and the appearance of playwright Harold Pinter be the only element of interest.Note : some British film fan will enjoy see Philip Jackson , well know for his portrayal of Inspector Japp in the Poirot television series , in one of his early roles... .
 Shiner , direct by Christian Calson , center around three 'couples ' and their relationship with obsession and violence .
 pretty good start as far as I be concern .
 interesting .
 the couple break down into a heterosexual couple , two heterosexual male friend and a straight guy be 'harmlessly ' stalk by a gay man.The 'het ' couple really do n't have much of a role in the film .
 there be some scene that show how they like to be aggressive when have sex or play around with each other , but seem to have no real purpose since the be so marginalize .
 my assumption be that they represent a more day to day illustration of how sex/violence be integrate in a couple life .
 the couple be n't very aggressive and it be not even shoot in any kind of erotic way .
 as character , they do n't add much to the theme or plot.The two male friend make up the bulk of the plot .
 they engage in some gay bashing of sort by convince a homosexual man to have sex with them in an alley .
 this escalate into violence .
 and the violence change them .
 it become a mean of sexual gratification .
 and their need for violence t release grow as the film progress .
 the main problem I have be the violence be not convincing .
 never once do it seem that any of the character be in any real danger .
 it just do n't work .
 give that the whole theme of the film be about the character ' relationship with violence , this be a major problem .
 unfortunately , the make-up do n't help either .
 sometimes , it be okay , other time it be very bad .
 in one scene , I really wonder why one of the character have rouge smear on his face .
 Confusing.The more interesting pair of the character be the 'stalker couple .
 ' here Calson seem to have more to say and be able to develop a more coherent storyline .
 perhaps it be because the character seem to develop more and have resolution at the end .
 Shiner may well have be much good if it have stick with these two.I appreciate that Calson want to achieve a lot with this film .
 it be admirable .
 most low budget flick do n't aspire to much .
 I do n't think Calson achieve want he be aim for .
 myself , I find nothing particularly controversial or unsettling .
 shiner be unconvincing .
 this do n't mean , however , that the director ca n't achieve something with his next film.He seem to have something to say .
 this be a movie of tired , yet weirdly childish , clichs .
 there be a Nazi witch master perform sf-related experiment in the basement ?
 oh please !
 aim for a creep sense of horror and fear , the general impression of the film be that of a very immature conception of fright .
 not have any expectation beforehand , I be leave with : an age Xander from Buffy and a heroine with ape-like face who do n't seem to know how to act .
 say Adrienne Barbeau have I only only encounter before in the much more enjoyable 'Cannibal woman in the Avocado Jungle of Death'.Camera and edit add to the general impression of lame .
 this be possibly the bad of all the Columbo movie .
 Andrew Stevens ' acting be poor as the villain , and the plot be weak .
 in fact none of the cast seem able to act other than Peter Falk , who put in a creditable performance as the Lieutenant .
 this be not enjoyable to watch .
 Frank put all his dream on the back burner and get a normal ( boring !
 ) job just so his stepson can go to film school , but his stepson decide that he will make a humiliate documentary about the man instead .
 a documentary filmmaker should point the camera and simply shoot , not manipulate and comment with snide caption .
 the bitterness and resentment of the filmmaker towards his stepfather be obvious .
 and sad .
 the goal seem to be to make Frank appear dumb and pathetic , instead he come across as the most human of the @card@ people featured.Essentially a smear campaign all dress up as something much smart and edgy than it really be .
 it leave me with an intense dislike for the filmmaker .
 good lord , whoever make this turkey need to be bury alive .
 I be sorry , but the other reviewer must not have see this movie , he must be watch something else , or have never see a movie before.. .
 @card@ out of ten star ?
 he be say what , this be as good as Ben Hur or Gone with the Wind ?
 unintentionally funny , massively unbelievable character , absurd situation , look like it be shoot in Griffith Park ( which work out pretty well--MASH be shoot in Griffith Park ) , crappy script , just about everything that could possibly be wrong with a movie all roll into one package .
 should be require view for all prospective film maker as an example of how a movie could be horribly wrong .
 it remind me of something a USC student may make for a film class.Give this one a pass unless you do drug and be into high camp .
 I love horror movie .
 I can even appreciate most cheese ( face it , @card@ out of @card@ horror film these day be cheese ) , but this be just ridiculous .
 terrible acting , terrible writing , completely hollow and unbelievable character ( no Meisner actor here !
 ) and a total lack of sufficient body count .
 I wish I could salvage the @card@ minute of my life I just waste .
 at least the Crook brother be aptly name .
 the only good thing about the whole film be watch the Alicia Silverstone wanna-be get punch in the face .
 how this EVER make it to Sundance be completely baffle to me .
 most of the plot be absolutely unrealistic , even by slasher film standard .
 I mean , Come ON !
 who would rush out to get a cheap earring @card@ second after a creepy stalker guy just leave their doorstep ?
 lame .
 I be very excite about see this film , anticipate a visual excursus on the relation of artistic beauty and nature , contain the kind of wisdom the like of 'Rivers and Tides .
 ' however , that be not what I receive .
 instead , I get a fairly uninspired film about how human industry be bad for nature .
 which be clearly a quite unorthodox claim.The photographer seem conflict about the aesthetic quality of his image and the suppose 'ethical ' duty he have to the worker occasionally people the image , along the periphery .
 and frankly , the image be not generally that impressive .
 and accord to this 'artist , ' scale be the basis for what make something beautiful.In all respect , a stupid film .
 for people who will like to feel good about their environmental consciousness ... but not for any one who would like to think about the complexity of the issue surround it .
 there be no reason to see this movie .
 a good plot idea be handle very badly .
 in the middle of the movie everything change and from there on nothing make much sense .
 the reason for the killing be not make clear .
 the acting be awful .
 Nick Stahl obviously need a good director .
 he be excellent in in the bedroom , but here he be terrible .
 Amber Benson from Buffy , have to change her character someday .
 even those of you who enjoy gratuitous sex and violence will be disappoint .
 even though the movie be @card@ minute , which be too short for a good movie ( but too long for this one),there be no delete scene in the DVD which mean they never bother to fill in the miss part to the characters.Do n't spend the time on this one .
 hm .
 while an enjoyable movie to poke plot hole , point out atrocious acting , primitive ( at good ) special effect ( all of which have cause me to view this movie three time over the past six year ) , Severed rank among the bad I have ever see .
 I be never sure who the protagonist be , all I know be that the killer use a portable guillotine , as see in the dance floor murder scene .
 all in all , I do n't really like the movie , because only the first @card@ minute be enjoyable , the rest be a mishmash of confusing dialog and imagery that fail to progress the story to a logical conclusion ( which I ca n't remember anyway ) .
 this film 's premise be so simple and obvious that only a Texas millionaire high on oil fume and whiskey would have a problem understand it if someone shout it across the proverbial parking lot .
 in summary : the oil business be in cahoots with the government ( or Gummint if you prefer ) , the Gummint be in cahoots with Middle Eastern despot , and the CIA be a singular fester pool of double deal sons-of-(insert word ) willing to toe any line that come their way .
 the only people that get do over be the good one , like Mr Clooney ( 'Bob ' ) .
 oh , and terrorism be a result of the poverty which globalization create when wicked multinational stalk the world look for a tasty takeover or three .
 that really fit to the profile of the well-heeled @card@ perpetrators.In Syriana this facile tissue of political half-truth and Hollywood hologram be stir up in a repugnant vermicelli of story strand that twist , turn and whirl through the gloopy circumlocution of their own insignificance until the poor viewer be leave alone with the conclusion that:1 .
 the 'director ' ( good joke ) should never be let near a camera again2 .
 people like Clooney and Hurt might know how to act , but they sure do n't know how to pick a script3 .
 if you want to see a film that deal with corruption in big business and the state , go and see Claude Chabrol 's 'L'ivresse du pouvoir ' , which be insightful , funny and brilliantly acted.Empty , doom-laden sententious piffle spin out to evening-ruining length .
 it be hard to describe this film and one want to try hard not to dismiss it too quickly because you have a feeling that this might just be the perfect film for some @card@ year old girl...This film have a nice concept-the modern version of Sleeping Beauty with a twist .
 it have some rather dreamy shot and some nice sketch of the young boy relationship with his single work mother and his schoolmate.. .
 a nice start you might say , but then it get a bit greedy , very greedy , it try to be a science fiction , a drama , a thriller , a possible romantic love story , fairy tale , a comedy and everything under the sun .
 the result just leave the audience feel rather inadequate .
 for example , the scene when the girl(played by Risa Goto ) finally wake by his(Yuki Kohara ) kiss , instead of be romantic , it try be to be scary in order to make us laugh afterwards.. .
 it be a cheap trick , because it ruin all the anticipation and emotion which it be try to build for the good half of the film.I have not read the original story the film be base on ( it be the well-known work by the comic-book artist Osamu Tezuka be famous with his intriguing and intricate story ) I wonder if all the problem exsist in the original story or do it occur in the adaption ?
 it be rather illogical even for someone who be use to the 'fussy logic ' of those Japanese comic-book .
 for instance , how do Yuki Kohara 's character manage to get to the hospital in an instant(when its suppose to be a long bus-ride away)to run away Risa Goto 's character in front of the tv camera right after he see her live interview on the television ?
 there be also some scene that be directly copied(very uncreative !
 ) from other film and they all seem rather pointlessly annoy ie .
 the famous 'the Lion mouth have caugh my hand ' scene from 'the 'Roman Holiday'The film try to be everything but end up be nothing.. .
 it fail to be a fairy tale and it do not have enough joke to be a comedy.. .
 and strangely there be some scene that even seem like an unintentional 'ghost ' movie .
 nevertheless , one should give it credit that it have manage to caputured some of the sentiment of the Japanese teenager.It be by watch this film I have a feeling that there might be some film that should have come with a warning label that say 'this film might only be suitable for person under the @card@ of age ' , it would have definitly be on the poster of this film .
 Bo Derek might have have a career have she not let her late husband , John , take over as her director .
 it be a real shame , no really , with the right direction and the right part ( see '10 ' ) , Bo be okay .
 she would n't win any award even at her good , but she be no bad than many an actress who have make it big in the past @card@ year or so base on look alone .
 but therein lay the problem , John be determine to ride the wave that Bo create with her appearance in @card@ , that of Bo be the 'perfect @card@ , ' 'the hot woman in America , ' 'the sex symbol of the 1980s .
 ' Problem be , in John 's hand , this wave crash with a resounding thud in only a few year 's time .
 maybe he know her limitation as an actress , perhaps that be why he fashion movie for her that concentrate on her body , not her acting skill .
 but it get old real quick .
 it do n't help matter any that the film of John and Bo Derek be ( let be be honest ) really , really bad .
 and bad sum up their take on Edgar Rice Burrough 's literary icon , the Lord of the Jungle , Tarzan of the Apes.You know what 's bad ?
 this film be boring !
 make me laugh , make me cry , just do n't bore me .
 not even Bo 's stunning look and figure can rouse any interest , and that be what the film be of course build around .
 Richard Harris ( God bless his soul , he and Bo be previously in Orca btw ) ham it up and make his scene at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe make a physically impressive Tarzan .
 maybe he get the last laugh , after be hit with a ton of venom from the critic over this film , Miles go on to a solid career as a B movie icon , in film that be not great art , but a million time more fun than this one .
 but other than that , it be Bo 's body,and you can only see it so many time before you long for something else to go with it .
 Tarzan the Ape Man have nothing else .
 John Derek be a truly dynamic actor , he be not a director .
 he should have stay with his strength .
 this film unfold at a mind numbingly slow pace and nothing really happen in the action scene .
 Burrough 's Tarzan be all about excitement and wish fulfillment ( who would n't want to be as agile , strong and good look as Lord Greystoke ?
 ) and fun !
 you get none of that here .
 watch it , and you will have waste @card@ minute of your life .
 on second thought , you may come away with a valuable lesson , how not to handle someone 's movie career.Bo Derek be all right in my book though .
 she stand by John until his die day , have a true love of animal and nature and even look back with a giggle at her time in the spotlight .
 she have also prove that she be not the dumb blonde many want her to make her out to be .
 if she could survive Tarzan and Bolero , she can survive anything .
 so come back Bo , all be forgiven.And as an aside , be the Steve Strong who play the bad guy the same Steve Strong who a brief pro wrestling career ?
 this be probably the bad movie I have ever see , ( yes it be even bad than Dungeons and Dragons and any film star Kevin Costner.)Chris Rock look very uncomfortable throughout this whole film , and his support actor do n't even look like they be try to act .
 Chris Rock be a wonderful stand-up comedian , but he just ca n't transfer his talent to this film , which probably only have two strained laugh in the whole picture.If you have n't watch this film yet , avoid it like the plague .
 go do something constructive and more interesting like watch the weather channel or watch paint dry on a brick wall.For Chris ' effort I give it a @card@ !
 I have high hope for it when I hear that it be be make back in @card@ because I read 'The Devil and Daniel Webster ' when I be a kid and I find it very interesting .
 they make some change to the story that do n't make much sense to me .
 Daniel Webster in the story be a famous lawyer from New Hampshire in the story .
 in the movie he be an editor .
 a lawyer make more sense since he end up represent Jabez Stone against the devil him/herself ( he be a man in the story , but be a woman in the movie ) in a trial where both of their soul be on the line .
 as an editor , it do n't seem likely that Daniel Webster would have the skill to do this.The acting be decent by all except for Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd .
 these be two actor that I like , they just do an awful job in this movie .
 it be as though they think they be act in a comedy , but the movie be more a serious one than a comedy .
 this might be partly due to the fact that the movie be film with a particular vision in mind , and be then re-edit by somebody else .
 give this fact , it be surprising that it be at all coherent .
 I be surprise to see a fair amount of SNL cast member in the movie , which further lead me to believe it may have originally be film with the intention of it be more of a comedy.All in all I would have to say it be n't completely awful , but it be n't much good .
 if I could get the hour and a half back and do something else with it , I would .
 the end be especially disappointing .
 as in the original story , Daniel Webster defeat the devil in the trial .
 Jabez then start out again at the beginning of the movie...literally , we be just bring back to the first scene with Jabez , and then the movie abruptly end .
 it actually look as though they just replay Jabez ' first scene over and call it the end .
 there be no indication that Jabez have the benefit of any of the knowledge or experience he gain , so who be to say he do n't just repeat his mistake over again , and perhaps over and over in an endless loop ?
 it be an extremely disappointing end and do not make a lot of sense .
 the decent cast , and the acting of everyone except for Baldwin and Aykroyd be the only thing that keep this from be a complete and total crap sandwich .
 I think maybe a film which boast a cast include Peter O'Toole , Susannah York , Michael Craig & Harry Andrew might be worth watching .
 alas , I be wrong .
 utter pretentious nonsense from begin to end with both O'Toole and York overact wildly .
 I watch it twice and still have no idea what be be about .
 I have a feeling O'Toole play the Laird of a Scottish castle who have a drink problem and like relive childhood game with his sister ( York ) .
 he be also bark mad .
 but apart from that , your guess be as good as mine.The film have no redeeming feature whatsoever .
 I can only assume the cast and director be blackmail into make this dreary , unimaginative , stagy piffle .
 clearly a waste of the time of a talented cast and director .
 risible .
 painful .
 painful be the only word to describe this awful rendition of such a fun and interesting Shakespearean play .
 I give it a shot but be terribly disappoint and could n't bare to even finish view it .
 to the person who write a novel about how wonderful this twist of much Ado be , I pity you and your bored brain .
 may your pretense about young viewer be lift without retribution .
 please do not even bother with this gut wrenching , disgusting excuse for a performance of an acclaimed Shakespeare drama .
 you will be force to induce vomiting and will require a commode close to the television with which you choose to watch this crap because involuntary defecation will take place .
 first of all , as a long time student of the titanic disaster and member of several titanic club , I feel entitle to comment on the film .
 I do n't really care how many award and accolade the film win , but to me it be still an absolutely awful film .
 Cameron have the resource to make a 'proper ' semi-documentary film of the disaster but unfortunately choose to turn it into a po-faced romantic mush .
 the fact that so many people around the world fall for it only show , to my mind , the sad state of taste and common sense that movie critic and audience have these day .
 whoever say that all movie should have a hero and heroine fall in love ?
 in fact most real event be anything but romantic and the Titanic disaster certainly be not one .
 I feel that it need a good script and director with a semi-documentary approach and as little artistic license as possible .
 I almost throw up in the last sequence where the 'dead ' lover meet among the other lost passenger and crew who break out in applause .
 be this an intelligent film ?
 ask yourself .
 the only scene wich make me laugh where the one with christopher walken in it(the crazy filmdirector)the rest of the movie be just boring.in the first hour or so nothing really happens.jokes which suppose to be funny be n't and zeta jones douglas be really overacting.julia roberts do a routine job of the former ugly duck ( yeah right !
 ) into the girl next door ( where do i see this before ?
 ) who get the guy.for short.i really do n't care what would happen with the main characters.if cusack really fall of the building in a suicide attempt the movie could have be more interresting to watch .
 this movie , supposedly a thriller , have about five sub-plots that develop simultaneously to climax at the end , but it end up more as a yawn.The writing be trite , the pace be slow and disjointed and the character be boring .
 George Clooney look like he need to get into a gym , Matt Damon ham it up and the other seem to read their line from a teleprompter.The bad part of this movie be that it be carefully craft to be politically correct and so it end up say nothing at all about big business , oil and the Middle-East .
 I have see documentary provide more excitement .
 watch it only if there be absolutely nothing else to do .
 'Spielberg love the smell of sentiment in the morning .
 but sentiment at the expense of narrative honesty ?
 nobody should love that .
 ' - Lucius Shepard'The Color Purple ' take place in the Deep South during the early 1900s , and tell the story of Celie and Nettie , two African American sister .
 the film open with the girl play in a field of purple flower , an idyllic haven which be promptly shatter by the appearance of their stepfather .
 this motif innocence interrupt by man permeate the entire film.The film then launch into a series of short sequence .
 Celie be reveal to have be twice impregnate by her stepfather , give birth in a dirty barn , have her newborn child take away and be force to marry a local widow name Albert Johnson , a violent oaf who rape her repeatedly , force her to cook , clean and look after his children.All these horrific scene be give little screen time , and be instead surround by moment of pixie-dust cinematography , a meddlesome symphonic score , incongruous comedy and overly exuberant camera work .
 the cumulative effect be like the merge of a Disney cartoon and a rape movie , a jarring aesthetic which cause Stanley Kubrick to remark that 'The Color Purple ' make him so nauseate that he have to turn it off after ten minute .
 ten minute ?
 he last a long time.The film be often say to deal which 'racism ' , 'sexism ' and 'black culture ' , but this be not true .
 Alice Walker , the author of the novel upon which the film be base , claim to be a bisexual but be actually a closet lesbian .
 her book be a lesbian fantasy , a story of female liberation and self-discovery , which paint man as violent brute who stymie woman .
 for Walker , the only way out of this maze be for woman to bond together in a kind of lesbian utopia , black sisterhood and female independence celebrated.Spielberg 's film , however , re-frames Walker 's story through the lens of comforting American mythology .
 this be a film in which the salvific power of Christianity overcome the natural cruelty of man .
 a film in which Albert find himself in various ridiculous situation , moment of misplace comedy insert to make him look like a bumble fool .
 a film in which all the character be derive from racist minstrel show , the cast comprise of lecherous man ( always beam with devilish smile and toothy grin ) , stereotypical fat mammy , jazz band and gospel choirs.This be a film in which black people be naturally childlike , readily and happily accept their social condition .
 a film in which black people be over-sexed , carnal sensualist dominate by violent passion .
 a film in which poverty and class issue be entirely invisible ( Albert live in a huge house ) and black man be completely inept .
 this be not the Old South , this be the Old South as derive from 'Gone with the Wind ' , MGM Muscals , 'Song of the South ' , Warner Cartoons , 'Halleluha !
 ' and ban Disney movie .
 in other word , it be the South as see by a child raise on 50s TV .
 it be all so cartoonish , so racist in the way it reduce these human being to one dimensional ethnic stereotype , that black novelist Ishmael Reed famously liken it to a Nazi conspiracy.Of course , in typical Spielberg fashion the film end with family bond be heal .
 this reconciliation be in Walker 's novel , but Spielberg go further by have every character in the story reconcile with their kin.Beyond Walker 's hate letter to black man and Spielberg 's bizarre caricature of black life , we be show nothing of the black community .
 we have only the vague idea as to how any of these character make a living and no insight into how they interact with other in their community .
 instead , Spielberg 's camera jump about , desperately fight for our attention ( one of Celie 's kitchen contraption seem like it belong in a 'Home Alone ' movie ) , every emotion over play , the director never stop to just observe something or to allow a little bit of life to simply pass by .
 couple this with Quincy Jones ' ridiculously 'white ' music , and you have one of the strange film in cinema history : an angry feminist tract film by a white jew in the style of Disney and Griffith , score by a black man try to emulate John Williams.Problematic too be the lack of white character .
 consider this : the man in this film be n't portray as be rough to each other , nor do they dominate woman because they be brutalise by a racist society which reduce their manhood .
 no , they be cruel by nature .
 and the woman , whether quietly suffer like Celie or rebellious and tough like her sister , persevere and survive only because the man be too stupid to destroy them .
 a good film would not have focus solely on the oppression of woman as it occur among the oppress , rather , it would have show that it be societal abuse which have lead to spousal abuse , that enslave black woman be force to perform the very same task as their male counterpart ( whilst still fulfill traditional female role ) and that African American domestic violence occur largely because of economic factor , woman unable to support themselves and their child alone.And so there be a hidden ideology at work here .
 late in the film one character tell another that since he do n't respect his wife , she wind up get severely beat and imprison by white .
 the implication be that black need to return to their African root to restore their own dignity and that it be their fault that white unjustly crush them .
 ie- respect one another in your poor minority community and you wo n't run afoul of the dominant white culture.3/10 - a failure to confront sex and lesbianism , inappropriate musical number , countless sequence load with extraneous visual pizazz , incongruous comic business , emphatic music cue , and wildly hyp emotionality , all contribute to rendering 'The Color Purple ' worthless .
 ... .
 and after see this pile of crap you wo n't be surprise that it be n't publish !
 !
 !
 !
 spoiler !
 !
 !
 !
 this be a terrible movie by any standard but when I point out that it be one of the bad movie that have the name Stephen King in the credit you can start to imagine how bad it be .
 the movie start of with two character stare open mouth at a scene of horror : ' my god .
 what happen here ?
 ' ' I do n't know but they sure hate cat ' *The camera pan to the outside of a house where hundred of cat be string up dead and mutilate .
 boy this guy be right , someone do hate cat and with a deduction like that he should be a policeman .
 oh wait a minute , he be a policeman and when a movie start with a cop make an oh so obvious observation you just know you be go to be watch a bad movieThe reason SLEEPWALKERS be bad be that it be very illogical and confused .
 we eventually find out the monster of the title need the blood of virgin to survive .
 would they not be well look for a virgin in the mid west bible belt rather than an American coastal town ?
 have say that at least we know of the monster motive - that be the only thing we learn .
 we never learn how they be able to change shape or be able to make car become invisible and this jar with the ending that seem to have be steal from the terminator .
 monster mother walk around kill several cop with her bare hand or blow them up via a police issue hand gun ( !
 ) but if her monster breed be immune from police fire power then why do the creature need the ability to change shape or become invisible ?
 the demise of the creature be equally ill think out as there kill by a mass attack of household cat .
 if they can be kill by cat then why do the monster not kill all the cat that be lie around the garden ?
 there be a whole horde of moggy sit around but the monster never think about kill them .
 I guess that be so the production team can come up with an ending .
 it be that they start the movie my complaint liesWe be treat to several scene where famous horror movie director like John Landis , Clive Barker and even Stephen King make cameo .
 I think the reason for this be because whenever a struggling unknown actor read the script they instantly decide that no matter what , they be n't go to appear in a movie this bad so Stephen King have to phone up his horror buddy in order to fill out the cast .
 that be how bad SLEEPWALKERS is* unbelievable as it seem that be n't the bad line in the movie .
 the bad line be - ' that cat save my life ' My sincere advice to all : do n't watch the movie.Do n't even go near to the theater where this movie be be play !
 !
 even a glimpse of it be bad for health .
 serious .
 no joke .
 it be @card@ be in the morning .
 and i return from this crappiest movie on this universe .
 four HOURS DAMN !
 !
 !
 I be proud that i survive after all of it !
 if this be call survival.i be highly frustrate .
 annoy .
 disappoint .
 it be sheer waste of time !
 money go in drain !
 no plot .
 Hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memory of this night !
 !
 rubbish MOVIE.Happy Republic day to one and all : ) the film be severely awful and be demean to rape victim .
 on the surface , it may be a daring film about rape but if you dig beneath the surface , what lie be a not-so-positive message about rape .
 Aishwarya the rape victim be show to be a helpless victim who can cope all because she be a woman .
 she need a man to help her .
 when the society make jibe about her and throw comment at her , she do not stand up for herself .
 it be all leave to Anil Kapoor to do all the talking while Aishwarya do all the crying.The director ( Satish Kaushik ) go down the wrong path by portray a rape victim as weak and submissive .
 what would have be more effective be portray a strong woman who rebel against her enemy in a courageous way .
 the director be famous for be chauvinistic .
 his film be usually full of weak woman but he try to hide them in controversial role .
 he need to learn that just because the role be controversial , it do not mean that the character herself be strong.The most degrading scene in the film be when Aishwarya 'cleans ' herself after just be rape .
 she do it to please her father who think that she be now dirty .
 though it be commendable that Shah show the stigma against rape victim in such a stark light , what he do not show us be whether Ash 's father be wrong for make his daughter do such a thing .
 thus we be leave with a confusing message about rape.The comedy too be not need in a strong subject film like this .
 even more so , the comedy be simply not funny .
 Ash be wooden in her role while Anil Kapoor do nothing but shout .
 the music be mediocre except for the title track , which be beautifully picturised ( the only bright point of this film ) .
 Sonali Bendre 's role be disappointing and pointless .
 overall , what could have be a great movie to remember end up be an awful mish-mash that will give some viewer severe indigestion .
 this movie be terrible .
 the first half hour be much like a.. .
 well , apology for the lack of articulation , but it be simply a bad version of a Clockwork Orange .
 the first scene be almost photocopy from one of the first in Clockwork !
 supposedly it be a tribute , as per the appearance of the Clockwork poster on the protagonist 's wall , however 'ripoff ' be the more appropriate word .
 the movie feel as though it be tear right from the Kubrick classic , only film through a new director 's eye .
 a blind director .
 unfortunately when it stop its massacre of Kubrick 's work , the film get even bad .
 as another commentator say , the deepness of this film be just shove down your throat .
 arrogant , self absorbed and ultimately meaningless drivel.Perhaps the protagonist rambling would touch a nerve if there be any actual character development in this movie .
 I feel absolutely nothing for this guy .
 and I be an alcoholic , so I figure that if anyone might be able to feel anything for him , it would be me .
 awful character development , dialogue and plot.The bad part about this movie be the title .
 for a film call '16 year of Alcohol ' , the alcoholism be hardly a factor in the flick .
 see first paragraph - it be such a butcher of a Clockwork Orange I ca n't get over it .
 a more suit title would have be '16 year of Violence , ' or , even well , 'A Clockwork Banana'.Just do yourself a favor and avoid this movie .
 if you disregard my advice and take it out anyway , drink .
 trust me .
 Ice-T star as Mason a homeless African-American who find himself hunt by wealthy hunter ( Rutger Hauer,Gary Busey,Charles S. Dutton , F.Murray Abraham,William McNamara and John C. McGinley ) however Mason prove to be much harder prey then the usual target in this ridiculous and slow pace actioner which take too long set up actionscenes and then totally botch them .
 I have the great enthusiasm go in to the advance screening for this movie .
 after all , this be one of the old and most complex tale know to mankind , and it be one of the first epic tale I read as a kid ( even before Tolkien ) .
 I must say that it WAS A Huge DISAPPOINTMENT .
 they completely make the plot into a joke and turn the thing into one long soap opera .
 the element that WERE faithful to the plot be sprinkle throughout in such a haphazard manner that the audience be laugh at many time at the silly script that just pay lip service to this battle of all battle .
 it be a huge disappointment to see a complex character like Achilles ( who have a strange combination of nearly Matrix-like power , utter ruthlessness and male lover in the original poem ) turn to 'Fabio on the beach ' in the guise of Pitt ( who with a good script and more effort could have turn this into the most complex and original warrior figure Hollywood have ever produce ) .
 the actor be actually decent , try to make the good of a ridiculous script .
 it be actually a waste of so much talent ( Peter O'Toole steal the show , and Orlando Bloom and Sean Bean be pathetic ) .
 compare it to LOTR or Gladiator and it do n't even hold a candle to them .
 plenty of hunk for the lady to goggle over but not enough battle scene for a movie that be about one long battle and siege .
 I would n't recommend that anyone pay to see this story drag through the dirt like one of the character be ( at least they get that part right ) .
 what happen when you give a free man just enough money to trap him into the rat race and watch him squirm ?
 homeless people answer to no one .
 they have no mortgage , rent payment or idiot boss .
 homeless people do n't have to worry about the IRS or performance review or credit card payment .
 but , give them just enough money to rent an apartment and buy a car and , suddenly , they have to worry about enter the rat race , buy gas for transportation , pay insurance on their car , and work for someone else .
 they get a chance to be a 'productive citizen .
 ' this film be about as exploitive as a film can be .
 it be a way for the rich and middle-class sheeple to say 'see what happen when you try to help the poor ?
 ' and it vindicate capitalistic arrogance.Why not a film that ask , 'What happen when you take away everything a rich man have ?
 ' this thing be bad .
 really bad .
 I mean , low budget can sometimes be very inspiring , but not this .
 the story be so off-the-shelf , the alien 's behaviour so illogical , the character so cliched .
 I find nothing good in it .
 and I do try .
 a warning to potential viewer : if you be look for an adaptation of the classic story 'The most dangerous game , ' look elsewhere .
 'Seven woman for Satan'only superficially address the original work by use the name of Zaroff and have say character murder people.Some of what follow might be consider by some to be spoiler .
 or not.Boris Zaroff be play by writer/director Michel Lemoine .
 whereas his ancestor hunt man because they be the only prey that be truly challenging , Boris ' victim be usually in a position where they can defend themselves .
 the film ramble from scene to scene with a near-total lack of clarity .
 the director seem to have totally disregard pace and leave the viewer with a suffocatingly dull film .
 a few individual scene be mildly interesting ( such as a torture rack sequence ) , but as a unit , the film fail to entertain .
 viewer who be moreinterested in an assortment of attractive and semi-attractive actress in various stage of undress might find the film watchable .
 most will probably find their time be well spend watch Mentos commercials.In a side note , the DVD extra include a fair amount of information on the film 's history .
 apparently , it be ban for several year in its native France which pretty much ruin any chance it have for widespread distribution .
 I could n't agree more with another reviewer that mention Jodorowsky.Barney seem to be utterly boring and uninspired 'content-wise ' .
 he can produce eye-candy ( and I like candy ) , but its pretentiousness and fundamental artistic emptiness just diminish all the joy.I be afraid that many people do n't distinguish between similar ( but really only on the surface ) work of Jodorowsky or even more linear film-makers like Tarkovski or Kubrick ( I love @card@ odyssey and be never bore through the end scenes.. .
 ) that kind of art as M.Barney 's make add confusion and fend off the viewer that could otherwise start to appreciate experimental cinema .
 typical empty post-modern 'conceptual ' art .
 and check his interview .
 I just do n't buy it , sorry .
 and so boring.I be never bore see Alejandro Jodorowsky 's movie , while Drawing Restraint @card@ be an utter disappointment .
 especially while it offer the possibility to be something , to actually tell something in a non-linear unorthodox way ( like the beginning and the great choreograph dance and preparation for the ship to sail out .
 ship 'meeting ' on the sea.. .
 idea of feces as an object of value(if it be feces ) .
 those 'pearl ' divers.. .
 everything could construct a great surreal movie with some content .
 but it do n't .
 and those horrible pretentious scene of dress up and fake tea ceremony.. .
 how vain and fake and philosophically pretentious but empty can it get ?
 I have some great picturesque scene , but the whole movie become so boring and pretentious and utterly empty and fake that it make me physically sick.And it do n't have good tempo .
 I like slow pace movie , but this be just boring in some scene - because it be pretentious and fake - so I be just force to witness prolonged scene of artistic vanity...That kind of movie just kill the art and spirit in my view.I want more Jodorowsky !
 !
 !
 I can believe that I waste five hour of my life on this rubbish .
 the previous five day offering by this author be highly enjoyable and I be really look forward to this .
 but most of the dialogue be completely incomprehensible .
 Suranne Jones be the principal culprit since she either mumble or gabble her line , but most of the rest of the cast follow her example .
 notable exception be Bernard Hill and Anne Reid , old stager whose diction be exemplary .
 do producer not listen to production before they be air to make sure the dialogue be audible ?
 as a result I suppose I lose track of what be go on , and since the original plot line seem to metamorphose into to the standard them-and-us thing between Muslims and the rest I soon lose interest .
 the end be a complete anti-climax .
 a complete dud .
 I attempt to watch this film without be able to really sit through it , for while it be suppose to have a 'good ' message ; the problem be that it be obviously produce accord to one particular interpretation of scripture .
 an interpretation , in my opinion , will mislead a lot of people .
 in addition , I be a movie maniac and the acting in this film be completely unacceptable .
 never before have I wish for a negative score to rate a movie .
 so , if you wish to be preach to incessantly by those without authority , then by all mean , get this film .
 this comment be also a warning to people who like or love scifi , because the title will deceive a lot of people as well .
 this be an unfortunate film , because the basic idea have possibility and those possibility be squander .
 the film 's only redeemable quality be that it do make me realize that the character in the 'Time machine ' probably should have show a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future .
 an incoherent mess with a gratingly deafen sound track , 'Soul Survivors ' be the late entry in the 'who 's dead and who be alive ' genre of horror film .
 two teenaged couple , Sean and Cassie and Matt and Annabel , prepare to go off to different college , but before they part until Thanksgiving break , they attend one last fling at a rave-type party in some burnt-out church at the suggestion of lusciously slutty Annabel ( Eliza Dushku , a.k.a. Faith , the other vampire slayer ) .
 motiveless creepy guy start pay far too much attention to Cassie ( the generic Melissa Sagemiller ) for reason that be never explain , and before long , the quartet leave the party .
 drive away in their SUV , they be pursue and then pass by the motiveless creepy guy , who promptly and inexplicably do an intentional @card@ in the middle of the highway , cause a nasty and fatal accident as the SUV flip over an embankment and plunge into a river .
 Sean be kill ( or be he ?
 ) , and Cassie spend the rest of the movie cope with loneliness and guilt ( she be drive ) when she be not be haunt by Sean 's ghost or chase by those motiveless creepy guy .
 much unexplained incoherence follow as Cassie 's mental state degenerate further , until we reach the predictable conclusion .
 so , who be dead and who be alive ?
 after ninety minute of this purgatory , who actually care ?
 I want so badly to give this piece of Garbage a zero , unfortunately , there be n't , so , I have to give it a @card@ just to warn you about how stupidly terrible this imposter of a familiar cartoon really be !
 the character look like they be draw by pre-schooler , no , wait , I have see pre-schooler do well !
 I prefer 'Misadventures of Flapjack ' to this terrible excuse for a cartoon !
 I be probably say what other have say , two word : rip off !
 !
 remember that episode of Dexter 's Lab when they race go-kart down that volcano ?
 yeah , Mister Fellows even cash in on that idea and fail !
 they even rip off Shadow Lugia in that one episode that parody Pokemon !
 ( he even cash in on that franchise !
 ) that one character be a cheap rip off of Mandark from Dexter 's Lab !
 Mister Fellows need to be sue for statutory infringement for this piece of crap !
 !
 everyone have their own opinion , but those of you who like Johnny ( RIP-OFF ) Test , your'e just lie to yourselves .
 do yourself a favor , change the channel when this rip off try to disgrace your screen !
 this movie barely follow the story line of the movie .
 all of the fascinating point in the book do n't even exist in the movie .
 they end up turn it into a cheesy between ' Disney movie 'crush ' story between Meg and Calvin .
 it be so bad it should have be Hillary Duff play the part , or one of the like .
 this movie be nothing more than an insult to the intelligence and mysticism of the book .
 I ca n't believe Disney could even get away with make such a cheap , basic rendition .
 if you have ever read the book , I think you would agree it could easily be make into a movie of 'Lord of the Rings ' equivalence .
 this movie should have never be able to use the title of a Wrinkle in Time .
 poorly do .
 the low score possible be one star ?
 that be a shame .
 really , i be go to lobby IMDb for a 'zero star ' option .
 to give this film even a single star be give way too much .
 be i the only one who notice the microphone dangle over hopper 's head at the station ?
 and the acting , or should i say the lack thereof ?
 apparently talent be n't a factor when the casting director come to town .
 my little sister 's elementary school talent show provide great range and depth of emotion .
 and those fake Irish accent be like nail on a chalk board .
 the only thing that could have make this movie bad would have been...oh , wait , no,no , it be already as bad as it can get .
 let me give a quick summery of the film : a rotten , rude kid name Max stumble upon a radio that contain Kazaam : a rap genie .
 like all genie , he grant @card@ wish but , be good natured , also help Max with his personal life , as he have to deal with bully and a father mix up in organized crime .
 during all this , Kazaam rap from time to time , ( also showcase Shaq 's dismal rap skills).This movie prove what we all know : athlete need to stick to sport .
 I admit that it never look like an Oscar-worthy movie , but EVERYTHING about this waste of film be horrible .
 the character be either unlikable or stupid , the plot be not even worth mention , the dialog be a joke , and Shaq be only a quarter of the problem .
 hell , even if Denzel Washington play Kazaam this movie would still be a joke .
 I know that the movie only draw ANYBODY be because Shaq be so big ( no pun intend ) at the time .
 I honestly can think of a single positive thing to say about this waste of time .
 Shaq should have put the time have use to make this movie toward practice free throw .
 I have to say as be a fan of the man who create Halloween/The Fog/Christine/The Thing - probably his good films.Then you get this POS .
 I ca n't logically think he put any effort at all into this like he do with Cigarette Burns .
 at least his son make a decent soundtrack.You have to look at this from the standpoint that it do n't seem like a movie .
 it look as if someone else direct it for one thing .
 I wo n't believe Carpenter put any effort into this at all.I be just listen to his old school H2/H3/The Fog soundtrack and it be awesome , especially for the times.He be use a style that no one have and it work so well for his film .
 not much to say beyond the summary , save that this be an example of J. Edgar 's Hoover 's constant attention to maintain a good 'PR ' profile .
 they do n't make movie this bad very often , especially with the likes of Jimmy Stewart and Vera Miles in the blend .
 too bad .
 ***spoilers***spoilers***spoilers***spoilersThere be bad movie and then there be movie which be so awful that they become affectionately comical in their ineptness .
 such be the case with Columbia Pictures ' 'The Grudge .
 ' this cinematic atrocity begin when an otherwise well intentioned American see a Japanese make for TV film 'Ju-on ' and be inspire to remake the movie in English .
 this begin a virtual tsunami of bad decision which circumnavigate the globe until it wash ashore in Orlando on October @card@ , 2004.The premise , and I use the word loosely , involve a house in Tokyo haunt by a skinny Momma ghost who look like a cross between Margaret Cho and Alanis Morrisette , along with her ghastly sidekick a chubby , rambunctious but evil second grader .
 be there anything scary than a creepy @card@ year old Japanese boy ?
 sure there be !
 Count Chocula come to mind .
 with this whimsical bunch we must add a mysterious black cat who I have affectionately name Chim Chim .
 ( remember Speed Racer ?
 ) as you have already guess , they be murder in this domicile of doom and now desire to kill everyone who enter the premise .
 you see , as explain by a Japanese detective , when someone die in a rage their ghost seek revenge on everyone who step on the property line as define by the county commissioner or something like that , I forget.The story begin innocently enough with acclaimed Thespian Bill Pullman leap to his death from a balcony .
 my guess be Bill Pullman get this job because of his kid beg him for a trip to Tokyo Disneyland .
 next we endure the mildly interesting saga of Nurse Yoko , 'oh no do n't go in there ' scream the audience , but alas she heed not the dire warning and be predictably snuff out like a magic lantern .
 about @card@ minute into the movie we finally see its American heroine Sarah Michelle Gellar as Karen .
 Sarah Michelle Gellar might be a competent actress but I could not help thinking of Buffy the Vampire Slayer , so much so that it be distract .
 it be the equivalent to have Jennifer Anniston star in a movie about the adventure of six friend in New York .
 try as you may , you just ca n't stop think about the other project which make her famous .
 but I digress , Karen , the nurse be hire as a replacement for the original care giver who disappear at spook r us.She snoop around , meet the ghost , coma lady die , and some other stuff happen .
 watch the fair haired vixen search for clue I half expect her to find the ghost and pull its mask off to reveal it be actually old man Gower who own the abandon amusement park !
 'I would have get away with it too if it be n't for you meddle kid and that dog of yours !
 'Director Takashi Shimizu , who be vie to be the Ed Wood of Asia , make two unfortunate decision involve sound .
 first , he choose to use a soundtrack only when someone be about to be kill .
 this be an excellent devise for obliterate any suspense because the audience get a two minute warning to prepare for another miserably predictable murder .
 second , he give the ghost a bizarre guttural noise that sound like a gargle gopher .
 after the movie , I hear several people exit the theatre make the sound and laughing.Sarah Michelle Gellar end up be the sole survivor .
 and of course we learn that the fire she set to burn down the house be extinguish in time for the obligatory next chapter .
 however , consider the humorous reaction of the audience , they do not want a sequel but an apology .
 'The Grudge ' could be easily re-edit into a comedy , perhaps then it will be appreciate for its camp value .
 bare that , this will go down as the great cinematic thriller since 'Godzilla vs .
 Megalon .
 ' I would suggest wait until the movie come to your local discount theatre where it can receive the public ridicule it so richly deserve .
 the plot be about a female nurse , name Anna , be catch in the middle of a world-wide chaos as flesh-eating zombie begin rise up and take over the world and attack the living .
 she escape into the street and be rescue by a black police officer .
 so far , so good !
 I usually enjoy horror movie , but this piece of film do n't deserve to be call horror .
 it be not even thrilling , just ridiculous.Even 'the Flintstones ' or 'Kukla , Fran and Ollie ' will give you more excitement .
 it be like watch a bunch of bloodthirsty drunkard not be able to get into a shopping mall to by more liquor .
 the hero who have lock themselves in , inside the shopping-mall to avoid be eat by the hoodlum outside , be not well either .
 even though they do n't seem to be drink , they give the impression of be mentally disable .
 save your money instead of spend it on this !
 the social commentary be way overblow and the mystery itself be build and solve through a series of implausible coincidence that be entirely unbelievable .
 nothing have change in Fitz 's personal life in the past decade that make it remotely interesting.I even have trouble understanding why he be complain about his stay in Australia as compare to the opportunity to solve mystery that he have in England .
 can he not insinuate himself on the Australian police ?
 it seem like a very artificial plot point to get him involve in a crime investigation.The latter episode of the original series be pretty melodramatic and implausible , sometimes border on silliness , and this one pick up that mantle rather than return to the focus of series one .
 sad .
 I hear about this film and know it be n't real good .
 but I start watch the film ( on my film-channel)and be interested .
 this could be a really great , darkly black satire on today moral in medium .
 the small featurettes on every contestent be good .
 it build up to something I would n't wanna miss .
 but when the so call show start everything become implausible , cheap and rather silly .
 here be where the writer should have add something that would make people think .
 but instead it be wrap up and assume people be this dumb.The ending be so bad I give it a @ord@ even if the film start of promise .
 the first question that spring to mind after watch this rubbish be who on earth give these idiot the right to use the Omen name on this movie ?
 it be a shambolic , embarrassing , pathetic atempt to carry on the Omen franchise .
 when the film start the backing music sound like it have be lift straight from a Bugs Bunny Cartoon and from then on the film get bad !
 I dont know who write the script but i bet they get a E - for it when they take it back to show their teacher !
 it be difficult after a while to tell if this be a comedy because what happen be so funny and so un true to the original omen it beggers belief .
 the acting be laughable , especially from the lead lady Faye Grant .
 she keep pull silly face or be she find it difficult not to laugh ?
 it be hard to tell .
 the bad sequal i have ever have the misfortune to witness .
 @card@ out of @ord@ do anyone edit this film ?
 or be it only the DVD release that have huge thirty second gap between scene ?
 it be OK though , I fall asleep watch it the first time .
 then I fall asleep the second time and the third time .
 the plot be actually not the bad I have see , but it be close .
 the acting be not the bad I have see either...but it be close .
 the production ... .
 well , I can honestly say that it be the bad I have ever see in my life !
 not try to be spiteful , but Unhinged could have use some more production.Please do n't think I be a hater of horror film , or even that I do n't enjoy this film .
 I just feel I be laugh at the film much more than I feel I be laugh along with it .
 the gruesome moment be not too poorly do , but could have be do well even with a shoestring budget.Characters seem awkwardly develop , or ignore all together , twist ending be pretty bad , and the exposition take forever without expose much.I will recommend avoid this movie.1/10 I have never watch a movie in so little time .
 the only salvation be the fast forward function on the DVD unit .
 it be like watch a poorly produce CBC film .
 there be obviously no money for lighting , film , set , location , scriptwriter , editor , actors.. .
 oh , there be absolutely no story either !
 I need to write ten line of comment.. .
 bad , awful , horrible , wretched , anguish , tortuous , bilious , nauseous , sickening , fromage , disgusting , flimsy , icky , yucky , pukey , stinky , smelly , vile , putrid , all-thumbs-down , and I do n't know if I can keep on go to complete all ten line of just how bad this piece of crap-o-matic production be !
 bad film ever , this be a statement that people here on IMDb often throw around .
 whether it be an Uwe Boll movie , bad classic like Manos The Hands of Fate or the late no brain summer action fest from Michael Bay , people be often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that on the board they be post that there be nothing bad in the movie world.I envy these people , because they be blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deep the rabbit hole of crap movie make really go .
 there be film out there so bad , so hideous , so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous that cult form around them to celebrate their awfulness and their discussion board be the kind place on the Internet due to everyone agree unanimously that say film be really that bad.Ladies and Gentlemen , i present to you Ben and Arthur , an @card@ minute gay epic that be so utterly bad that it be a lot like a violent car crash , you know it be awful but you ca n't stop look at it .
 the brainchild of self proclaimed 'hollywood actor , director ' and may i add beach whale Sam Mraovich , this film be legendarily terrible .
 let me give you a hint of how ego drive this project be .
 Mr Mraovich not only direct this film , he write it , produce it , executive produce it , score it , edit it and then finally star in it .
 this be a man so blind by his own ego and so believe of his non existent genius that like someone with an ugly child he fail to recognise just how catastrophic his bastard creation really is.Everything in this film fail on an epic level , the acting be the bad you will ever witness , the plot be the most ridiculous , the edit and cinematography be the most amateur and even the music be like nail on a chalkboard .
 I be aware i have go on a bit of a tangent here , but please believe me that this film be really as bad as i describe it , i would say this film be horse crap squish into a film reel , but the truth be it be n't even shoot on film , it be shoot on a digital camcorder not much good than the one sit in your closet right now gather dust .
 do n't get me wrong , i forgive low budget for film provide the concept be interesting , for example as much as i dislike it the Blair Witch Project prove that low budget can still lead to an atmospheric interesting film .
 Ben and Arthur do not have a good concept to fall back on , even if this film be shoot on a budget of @card@ million with Hollywood fine actor it would still suck , the plot be that atrocious , and the character be even bad .
 one of the main character Arthur who be portray by non other than Sam Mraovich be one of the most whiny loathsome little turd ever put in a film .
 you will dislike him within @card@ minute of the start of the film and by the end of the film that hate will have turn into outright loathing .
 apparently Mr Mraovich forget that we be suppose to root for the hero.I do n't want to spoil all the gut bust hilarity you will experience watch this film ( which i urge you not to pay for ) so i will give you two tame mild example of how stupid this film be , tame and mild as in amongst the least offend mistake in the movie .
 in one cut we hear one of the main character say how 'they know a good lawyer and will give HIM a call ' the shot fade out then fade back in and this HIM they speak of earlier be actually a woman , quite a spectacular mistake to make in post production i think .
 the second be simple , second after see this transsexual lawyer the character be tell to fly to Vermont , we then cut to a shot of a plane landing amongst palm tree in a sunny area .
 I have never be to Vermont personally but i be certain you wo n't find any palm tree there.Imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretch to nearly an hour and a half combine with ridiculous dialogue and plot and then multiply it by @card@ and it still wo n't fully prepare you for Ben and Arthur .
 imagine the absolute bad film you have see in your life and imagine it be even bad and you still wo n't be on the same level as Ben and Arthur , this film be really that bad.However we should be glad in a way , film like this be a true rarity .
 they give us hope that one day we can become film maker ourselves or that we can be screenwriter .
 simply because we will have a new find sense of confidence due to the fact that we will know that nothing we produce no matter how amateur could be as much of a suck fest as this.The real bad movie of all time have finally be discover , and it be call Ben and Arthur .
 'Revolt of the Zombies ' prove that have the same director revamp and recycle an idea do n't necessarily make lightning strike twice.The Halperin brother , responsible for the horror classic 'White Zombie ' , make this trite piece of garbage a mere few year later to cash in on its popularity and even recycle close-up of Lugosi 's eye from that previous film .
 there be a court battle with the 'White Zombie ' film 's right owner , who do n't want the Halperins to be able to use the word 'zombie ' in this title .
 that word be the only thing that could help this film , because , as everyone know , bad film can make much more money simply by have the word 'Zombie ' appear in the title .
 know what Victor Halperin be capable of a few year before only make this uninteresting film more insulting .
 it seem he never direct another horror film after this debacle .
 the zombie here seem not to be true walking dead , but simply hypnotism victims.Wanna create a mind-controlled army of zombie ?
 be ready to crack a few egg , include your own.THE Lame PLOT : man fall in love with scheming woman who play with his heart and become engage to him only to make his friend , whom she love , jealous .
 this send man into a spiral of madness in which he try use zombie mind-control technique to change thing to his advantage in an attempt to win over a woman who be n't worth spit.This include one of the most blatantly obvious plot development I have ever see .
 you will have to be blind or stupid not to see the ending come .
 the acting be n't even good .
 this movie make the racially insensitive 'King of the Zombies ' ( which appear on the same double bill DVD I buy ) seem like an atmospheric horror masterpiece by comparison and remind us that not every black and white film be a classic .
 it make the atomic age sci-fi alien zombie cheese fest 'Invisible invader ' seem like a serious drama .
 this be one big ball of cheese so ridiculously melodramatic it could probably make many a Korean film fan twitch ( South Korean film be often know for their use of melodrama ) .
 the credit list the ironically name company favorite film .
 I be not sure whose favorite film this would be , but they be obviously an idiot.Not recommend for fan of : zombie , romance , or classic film .
 I be guess the writer have never read a book of any kind , much less a Dickens novel , and certainly not David Copperfield , and that they base their screenplay on another poorly write screenplay , possibly an adaptation of Copperfield , though just as likely anything else , from which they randomly discard about a third of the page and then shuffle the rest , along with some random page from a screenplay that someone 's eighth grade nephew have write for an English class , and for which he have receive a fail grade.If the casting be a bad joke - e.g. , Richards as Kramer play Micawber - which it be , then the direction and acting be the poorly- deliver punch line .
 get beyond Kramer as Micawber , if possible , Ham be such a complete ogre , hunch-back and all , that I be half expect at some point to see him be pursue by an angry pitch-fork and torch wield mob of villager .
 Uriah be almost as much of a clown figure as Micawber .
 Mr .
 Murdstone evoke about as much terror as that Muppet vampire from Sesame street .
 the actor play old David be , I believe , actually a woman .
 in any case , look perpetually as if he wish he could find a mirror to see how pretty he look , and fancy that he look quite pretty indeed , he could scarcely convince us that he be write with a quill pen .
 and while we be on that subject , in one of the many gross inaccuracy perpetrate by the half-wit producer of this embarrassment , in the unnecessary shot of David write his story he appear to be somewhere between @card@ and @card@ year old , when he should be in his forty .
 perhaps the great transgression , although it be difficult to choose , be the invent showdown between David and Murdstone as he court a third wife in Switzerland , precede of course by the invent death of Murdstone 's second wife .
 while they be at it it be a wonder they do n't send Heep to the guillotine , and have him deliver Sidney Carton 's famous last word .
 it could n't have make thing much worse really .
 it might have be far far better.There be literally thousand of small and large sin against literature throughout this miscarriage of art , and anyone who watch it run the risk of severe and permanent damage to all aspect of their sensibility .
 when Ben ( Red Foxx ) discover his wife Beatrice ( Pearl Bailey ) have run off with his own brother , he rush to his son Norman ( Michael Warren ) to unload his tale of woe--only to discover that Norman have a secret lover : the effeminate Garson ( Dennis Dugan .
 ) needless to say , Ben do not take it well , and numerous complication follow--including Ben 's attempt to get Norman over be homosexual by fix him up with a hooker ( Tammy Dobson .
 ) unfortunately , this description of the movie sound a great deal more entertaining than the movie itself.Originally write for the theatre by Ron Clark and Sam Bobrick , NORMAN.. .
 be THAT you ?
 be an absolute disaster on the New York stage .
 to give the play its due , I actually see it stage in the 1970s as a community theatre production--and while no one would accuse it of be anything other than a shallow farce , the cast play so broadly and in such drop-dead manner that it prove quite amusing .
 it be a pity the cast of this film do n't do the same.This be an atrociously perform motion picture .
 Red Foxx , one of the most hilarious comic of the 20th century , be about as funny here as yesterday 's wash , Michael Warren ( who later appear on the television series Hill Street Blues to much good effect ) compete with Foxx to see who can give the bad performance , and Pearl Bailey be not far behind ; truth be tell , only Dennis Duggan , Tammy Dobson , and a cameo by Wayland Flowers have any spark--and sadly , that be only in comparison with the rest of the cast.Not only be the film badly perform , it look bad .
 accord to film lore , this be the first big screen effort to be film in videotape , which be then transfer to celluloid for project purposes--and believe me , it show .
 the film have the look of a bad 1970s sitcom right down to the painted skyline see through the window of Norman and Garson 's apartment.Some film be so bad that they become funny , but NORMAN.. .
 be THAT you ?
 be n't one of them .
 I can sum up my reaction to this film in two word : miss it .
 do n't buy it , do n't rent it , do n't touch it with a ten foot pole .
 just back away slowly and then run like hell.Gary F. Taylor , aka GFT , Amazon Reviewer do anyone who be make this movie , particularly the director , spare a thought for the logic of the story-line ?
 these be not mere plot-holes , but plot grave , that become ever deep as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his plight .
 that be , if you be kind enough a viewer to valiantly ignore the fact for most of the movie that the character be either servant to the grave-hole plot , or boring and unlikeable .
 or , in the case of Downey 's & Hannah 's character , apparently superfluous .
 in ponder the reason for existence of Downey 's character be significant screen-time in the movie , I decide that either the director have like his character and unnecessarily increase his screen-time ( unlikley , as the director do n't change anything else about the script he actually need to ) or that his character be go to be sacrifice on the altar of bad plot .
 I will leave you to guess which one it be to be.I have to keep check the cover of the DVD to confirm that this really be make by credible talent .
 I can understand why Robert Altman would take this job .
 surely he have some power to pick and choose .
 actually , I ca n't understand why anyone would take this script on , except a first-time director look for the experience.I suppose Robert Downey Jr .
 need the money for his habit .
 I suppose Kenneth Branagh want to try a southern accent .
 I suppose Robert Duvall be only give a few page of the script and think the role in isolation sound intriguing .
 these be the only motivation I can see that would coerce good actor to take on role in this movie .
 as for Robert Altman , plenty of effort have go in on his part to make the movie look fantastic .
 I find myself notice how he have frame such and such a scene , or use the bright orange float vest in another scene to draw the eye 's movement , or impose a beautiful filter to create a particular mood .
 I do not typically notice such thing in movie , since most movie I bother to watch to the end actually engage me for reason of good story-telling and interesting character with understandable motive .
 I watch this to the end only because some ridiculous element of optimism in myself keep look at that DVD cover and be convince that , due to the talent involve , there have to be some redeeming factor in this movie.Nice direction .
 but that be not why I watch movie .
 what the bleep do we know be a delude and haphazard look at the mystery of the universe .
 we be present with a parade of apparent expert ( none of whom be name ) who ramble and pontificate in a thoroughly unscientific manner .
 their interview be chop up into aggravatingly small segment and disperse throughout some flashy cgi and banal mini-plots.The film pilfer theme from science , philosophy , theology and politics , mince them together without any regard for accuracy , and then somehow extract a few prosaic and absurd conclusion .
 we be lead to believe that quantum physics be tell us the purpose of our existence , and any other difficult to answer question the film-makers would like to point their finger at.It be riddle error and logical non-sequiturs .
 how do we start at quantum mechanic and end up with this pseudo-scientific spirituality and mysticism ?
 it be like say 'two plus two equal four , therefore I can move object with my mind'.There be nothing original in this film , and almost nothing that be accurate .
 any discriminate viewer will be annoy by heavy-handed edit , intrusive and pointless special effect and general lack of substance .
 educated viewer will be frustrate to tear by the violence do to science and every other subject this film touch on .
 this be the kind of movie that want to be good but suck .
 first thing , what the hell be those punk try to do with the school ?
 I think the kid do n't seem to realize the gravity of the situation .
 Deker guy say to the girl that they under his responsibility when she ask why he want to go back for them but right after this he give a gun to the wheel chair dude and want him to go alone repair the phone line .
 where be the responsibility there ?
 I understand poor actor must pay their food but why not just give them the money that take to make a stupid movie like that or give that money to a charity .
 oh yea and none of them know how to aim .
 the stupid punk guy shoot in the cafeteria nowhere like a crazy .
 they all want to look professional but they all suck .
 one more thing I do n't believe that there be no emergency exit in the school the kid be try several door but they all lock .
 what happen if there be a fire and the dumass security guard be dead ?
 it be illegal to not have an emergency exit in school .
 anyway there be a lot more to say but it would be too long .
 I spend some time of my life to watch a crap .
 I think this be probably one of the bad movie I have watch in a long time.Trying to get the 'same character ' with different people be *such* a bad idea .
 if they could n't get Sara Michelle G. and Ryan P. in this one , they should have just cut their loss and say to heck with it .
 instead they get new actor that be horrible at what they do .
 I seriously feel like I be at a High School or ( bad ) College play with the lever of act these people put forth.Where do they get some of these people ?
 be this their first movie ?
 it sure seem like it.This movie also parallel the original in a few line of speech .
 I have just get do watch the first one and pop #2 in .
 I be all excite to get to watch the second one and it end up be the bad show I have see in a while .
 I do n't hardly EVER *EVER* turn off a movie , but this one definitely go off after about @card@ - @card@ min .
 I find the DVD version of this movie at a rummage sale .
 the basic premise be an affair between a teacher/coach a student .
 the acting be weak and the plot razor thin.This movie have all the depth and plot development of an adult film .
 the John Goodman program be pretty awful , but this thing just plain stink .
 the one and only thing in this mess that make me smile be recognize the voice of Patrick Starfish as Frosty .
 the story be hopeless , write by somebody who have garble memory of childhood rebelliousness but have never gain any adult sense of perspective in the intervene year .
 paranoia rule the dark world that these character inhabit .
 everybody be unpleasant , and for no reason .
 the plot be predictable but the show lurch from one inexplicable , unconnected scene to another in such a pointless way there be no fun in watch it .
 the bad thing be nobody in the production crew seem to have ever see snow !
 the last reviewer be very generous .
 I quiet like the first movie , but ca n't say I enjoy this one very much .
 the beginning be bearable , but it go downhill pretty quickly .
 I just do n't see Jon Bon Jovi as a 'bad-ass vampire hunter ' and the vampire princess be neither sexy nor scary .
 a lot of the scene just do not make sense .
 I mean any normal person would suspect something be up when a strange woman suddenly appear out of nowhere to seduce you , let alone an experienced hunter .
 why Una be able to communicate with Jovi ?
 nothing be ever explain in this movie , you would n't mind if it be entertaining , but that be too much to ask .
 this have to be one of bad vampire movie I have see .
 I be try to picture the pitch for Dark Angel .
 'I be think Matrix , I be think Bladerunner , I be think that chick that play Faith in Angel , wear shiny black leather - or some chick just like her , leave that one with us .
 only - get this !
 - we will do it without any plot , dialogue , character , decent action or budget , just some loud bang and a hot chick in shiny black leather straddle a big throb bike .
 Fanboys dig loud bang and hot chick in shiny black leather straddle big throb bike , right ?
 'Flashy , shallow , dreary , formulaic , passionless , tedious , dull , dumb , humourless , desultory , barely competent .
 live action anime without any action , or indeed any life .
 SF just the way Joe Fanboy like it , in fact .
 :( well , I can once and for all put an end to the question : 'What be the bad movie ever made...ever ?
 ' it be flight of Fury , star and co-write by Steven Seagal .
 sure there be lot of famously bad movie , but this one take the cake in that it take itself so seriously.It be a Romanian-made film that speak to just how far Romania have to go to catch up with Bollywood .
 it also speak to just how utterly devoid of intellect and talent Steven Seagal have become .
 this movie be so bad that you literally feel violate after watch it and need to crouch in the corner of the shower and cry , know that nothing will make you feel clean again.It be release only on video ( I ca n't imagine why ) and I suspect the worker that have to make the DVD 's have to wear protective gear and receive regular counseling .
 this be one very dire production .
 the general consensus have always be that while Princess Margaret may have be spoil and pamper and may have revel in the excess of luxury at her disposal , she be a very beautiful young woman .
 here be the production 's weak point , the actress fail to get that across .
 it also appear that the production budget could n't stretch to a hairdresser - from the outset , the hair on the Princess Margaret character have a permanent bird nest in disarray look and look as if she have be drag through a bush .
 the actor play the Duke of Edinburgh appear to have prepare for his role by watch Rory Bremner imitate Prince Charles and be farcical.The production be a flaw ridden , clich ridden , embarrassing load of rubbish .
 I think all Daily Mail reader deserve a free DVD copy for Christmas !
 they change the title of this atrocity to an unexpected love .
 the only thing worse be the film itself .
 the script contain dialogue that would be laugh out of a third grade play recital .
 at one point when the wife leave the husband , a bad cover of all by Myself play over the soundtrack !
 no kid .
 the actor try but be defeat by the inept , unbelievably terrible script .
 direction be staggeringly bad .
 no wonder Lifetime have such a bad reputation .
 how do thing like this get make .
 I be turn off the television before it be over !
 wow !
 only a movie this ludicrously awful could inspire the similar 'Showgirls .
 ' I mean where to begin ?
 the indescibably horrid theme song ?
 Pia Zadora 's non-expressions throughout the movie ?
 the fact that despite be set in Los Angeles , aka 'land of the casting couch ' EVERY single man ( and woman !
 ) be fawn all over themselves to sleep with Pia Zadora , by any contrived mean necessary ?
 or what about the fact that every person in the movie be totally unsympathetic because they be either mind-numbingly stupid ( Pia ) or obvious despicable sleazeball ( everyone else ) ?
 and give that this flick be write by actual 'screenwriters ( sorta ) , it show a shocking lack of understanding of the movie-making industry ( who the hell would admire and kiss up to a SCREENWRITER ?
 )But it 's ( unintentionally ) funny as hell though .
 the 'breakdown ' scene alone will have you giggle , and after see the climatic 'I be not the only one who have to **** her way to the top ' scene at the 'Awards ' ( all do in the usual bargain-basement act level we expect from such quality Thespian as Pia ) , I sincerely hope that our dear Pia actually reuse that speech when she 'won ' her Golden Globe .
 it be fitting and that would totally make my day.Anyway , if you be a fan of bad , tashy camp , give this otherwise tacky movie a try .
 just a warning.. .
 this be the bad movie I have see in years.. .
 I could n't watch it to the end.. .
 it be a pure waste of time.. .
 I really feel sorry for Snipes that he end up in such a movie .
 there really be not much to say about it .
 horrible acting , incredibly bad line , story , everything .
 the only reason I would advise you to watch this movie be if you really want to see how a movie should n't be .
 just to tell you one scene : the police be search for Snipes , and they be surround the building with helicopter and car , they be shoot around inside the building , but still they be whisper so that Snipes do n't suspect a thing .
 this be actually an insult to the victim and their family of the BTK killer .
 the event in this movie be not even close to the truth .
 why they could n't make a movie of the real event do n't make any sense since the real event be more interesting then this make up farce .
 do n't even waste your time watch this for free .
 low budget and a shameful depiction of the event which should not be make a joke of , which be really what this movie do .
 if they would allow me to give a @card@ to this movie I would .
 the acting suck and it look like it be shoot on an old VHS video camera from the 80s .
 save your time and money by not watch this movie .
 I catch this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival .
 I have n't hear much about it ; only that it be a tightly-paced thriller , shoot digitally on a very low budget .
 I be hope to catch the next big Brit-Flick .
 but I have to say , I be severely disappoint .
 'This be not a Love Song ' follow two criminal , who , after accidentally shoot and kill a farmer 's young daughter , become embroil in a deadly game of cat and mouse when the local decide to take matter into their own hand and hunt them down.The real problem be that this be yet another example of style over substance in a British film .
 the camera angle and edit be completely at odd with the story , as be the over the top performance , and the appalling use of slow motion , which only serve to make the whole thing look like an expensive home video .
 there be repeated attempt to make the film look edgy and gritty , which instead come over as hilarious and over the top(Cue a pathetic , obligatory drug scene , and countless , pointless camera zoom ) .
 no amount of cliche be such as this can disguise the fact that this be a pretty bad story.We have see this kind of thing many time before , and make a hundred time well , particularly in John Boorman 's masterful 'Deliverance .
 ' but while in the latter film , we actually care about the character , in this film , I find myself just want them to be hunt down and kill as quickly as possible .
 even this would n't have be so bad if their adversary have be frightening or worthwhile , but instead , be merely a collection of stereotypical , inbred-looking countryfolk .
 again , another offensive , overused cliche ' come to the fore .
 surely there be some nice people in the country , filmmakers ?
 in its defense , 'This be not a Love Song ' do contain a couple of good , suspenseful moment , but it be hard to see this film do anything other than go straight to video , or , at a push , get a very limited cinema release .
 it be not a patch on last year 's Low-Budget hunt in the hill movie , 'Dog soldier ' .
 maybe British Cinema could actually get kick-start again if the right money stop go to the wrong people .
 I really do not have any clue as to why some people find the power ranger television show even remotely interesting at all .
 the costume be completely ridiculous and the people play in them also look completely foolish at the same time .
 there be absolutely anything remotely interesting about the power ranger .
 this be just a high price television commercial design to sell extremely cheesy plastic garbage to the unsuspecting child around the world .
 from the note , I can see that it have be ban in the country of New Zealand and from what I have see , I can agree with their decision .
 avoid this show at all cost , it be terrible and ridiculous .
 alas , poor Hamlet .
 I know him , dear reader , and let me tell thee , This Version SUCKS !
 I do n't know who of all people put up the money for this flotsam , but I hope that they be proud of themselves .
 they take the classic play and turn it into the most boring melodrama imaginable .
 this version be quite literally so bad , that not even the presence of a great Thespian like Maximilian Schell in the title role can save it .
 this movie 's only redeeming quality be that it make great fodder for 'MST3K ' ; Mike , Servo and Crow have a lot of fun with this one.But either way , I be sure that Shakespeare , have he be alive when they make this , would not have want his name associate with it .
 this 'Hamlet ' be not even so bad that be it good ; it be just plain bad .
 absolutely dreadful .
 this movie seem to send the wrong message .
 there can be morality without use Christ .
 Poeple of other religion , I believe , can get into heaven .
 I be a Catholic who go to church every week , but I do not agree with such Christian arrogance .
 this be the bad time travel movie I have ever see and I have see Timeline .
 i check this one out on DVD for a dollar so I could easily smile as this dreadful movie unfold .
 every time that you think it can get any bad , it inevitably do .
 the acting be absolutely horrific .
 the plot make no sense at all .
 the title 'cold vengeance ' in the US DVD version have absolutely nothing to do with the script .
 the action scene be so obviously take in their first take .
 there be lot of mistake during dialogue indicate that there be just no intend to do another take to at least try to make this movie bearable .
 I can remember have see a bad movie and I do occasionally get bad ones--well , except for unstoppable with Wesley Snipes .
 no , who be I kid , while a bad one , Unstoppable deserve Best Picture award at the Oscar when compare to this piece of crap .
 and a 30,000$ budget and this movie still look like it be make for 50$ .
 you can tell from the first frame to the last that he do n't care one bit about the movie continuity or plot , he be just happy to be make a zombie movie.What the end result show be a lazy film maker who love zombie movie .
 it could have be great if he just have of give a care .
 the end result be endless zoom in on poorly do gore , and even more poorly produce metal play over it.What happen when you combine high hope , big dream , a decent budget , hard work , and one idiot behind the camera .
 I see this movie last month at a free sneak preview and I walk out .
 it be pretty horrible .
 in the process of try too hard , they over act and make a horrible movie .
 I be disappoint since I feel all the actor have make respectable choice in the past so this one could n't be that far off the mark--but , I be wrong .
 I be hope they would give out a survey at the end of the movie so I could tell them not to release this movie .
 I be lure in by the free aspect of the preview , but it turn out to be a waste of my time--and , usually , I be very easily amuse .
 it try to be innovative and creative with the shot , idea and film , but because they throw together so many idea at once , it fail .
 I be not usually picky about movie and I usually do n't feel the need to display my opinion about movie , but I have to warn everyone not to watch it .
 I register on IMDb just to tell all of you guy I read Tom Robbins ' Even COWGIRLS GET THE Blues as a teenager .
 I love every word .
 it be sexy , funny , and full of glamorous scenery and beautiful writing .
 but when I see the movie , I could not believe what a dull , sour , joyless piece of junk it be .
 how do this happen ?
 I think someone in Hollywood read this book and file it under 'GAY Pride -- Women -- LESBIANS .
 ' ( that be the library of Congress subject heading .
 ) now anyone over @card@ who read the book will know it have NOTHING TO DO with real lesbian , any more than Star Wars be about real space travel .
 the book be obviously -- and I do mean obviously --written by a heterosexual male who love the idea of lesbian ( in the nude , all the time)but have never really meet one.Still , someone in Hollywood say , 'uh oh , well give this to a Gay director or Gay people will make trouble .
 ' so they hand it to Gus Van Sant .
 nothing against the man , but -- however Gay he may really be -- he have not a clue as to how to make a funny film .
 Gus Van Sant take a straight man 's playful fantasy of guilt-free girl/girl action and male voyeurism turn it into a dull , literal-minded Lesbian Power Recruiting Poster .
 it be like turn an Oscar Wilde comedy into an Arthur Miller tragedy .
 not pretty.The main clue that Gus Van Sant have absolutely no idea what to do with the source material be the riotously bad casting .
 his clout allow him to hire the very good .
 his ignorance of the novel 's real subtext ( a straight man 's fantasy , not a gay pride recruiting poster)caused him to make choice that be not only bad , but bizarre.Let be meet the cast of Even COWGIRLS GET THE BLUES.PAT Morita as 'THE CHINK ' Okay , there be few name-recognition Asian actor .
 and Pat Morita , in Happy Days , be fairly funny .
 but cast him as the CHINK be wrong , wrong , wrong .
 Pat Morita have no idea that the Chink be a very funny man .
 ( Gus do n't tell him .
 ) Pat also do n't seem to know that the Chink be .
 .
 .
 well , SEXY !
 !
 !
 in the book he be not wise old Mr .
 Miyagi .
 he be more like Hugh Hefner !
 he be a randy old goat and he know a lot about please the nubile and responsive Sissy and Bonanza Jellybean .
 ( you see , in the book , they be n't REALLY lesbian .
 do you get that this be a straight man 's fantasy yet ?
 )JOHN Hurt as 'THE Countess .
 ' Okay , he be a gay friendly man .
 but he be a Serious , SHAKESPEAREAN ACTOR !
 !
 !
 !
 you need someone who be fun , and camp , for this role .
 for John Hurt to be cast as a goofy guy like the Countess be tragic and sad .
 I keep expect Paul Scofield to wander in all dress up as Thomas more , and sadly shake his head .
 'Now , Richard , you know you have lose your soul entirely .
 for shame , my former student !
 ' and yes , John Hurt be funny ( and pretty gay ) as Caligula .
 but that be Black humor , not playful and breezy humor like the book.RAIN Phoenix as 'Bonanza Jellybean .
 ' no talent , no training , no problem .
 except that in the book Bonanza be funny , playful , cheerful , ( mostly ) heterosexual , and loving .
 in the movie she be sullen , passive , expressionless , and dull .
 as for her taste for woman , Robbins in the book put it like this .
 'God know I love woman , but nothing can take the place of a man that fit .
 ' Uh , Gus ?
 do you read this book ?
 Uma Thurman as 'Sissy Hankshaw .
 ' this be a tough role .
 in the book Sissy really be an unusually passive and timid heroine .
 still , a more accomplished actress might have manufacture a twinkle in her eye , or a sway in her walk , to imply some sort of hidden strength or hidden enjoyment of her adventure .
 Uma do n't pull it off , probably because Gus never tell her Sissy be suppose to ENJOY be a hitch hiker with a beautiful body and giant thumb .
 Uma play it more like she be in a TV movie about a girl die of leukemia.This movie be sour and dull .
 and I accuse you , Gus Van Sant !
 the first ( and only ) time I see 'Shades ' be during a Sneakpreview .
 it have n't even be in premiere .
 I remember there be someone of the director staff there , do n't even remember who .
 it be a Belgian movie , we never hear of it , so we be quite neutral , not know what to expect .
 Mickey Rourke be a brilliant actor and he 's stand mile ahead all the rest .
 he play an actor who be star have long stop rise .
 he be help to realise a movie in Belgium entitle 'Shades'.As soon as the movie start , we notice how much swear there be .
 nothing against the occasional swear word .
 however this be way beyond annoy .
 whenever Rourke use the F*** word to express something , it come naturally .
 however , when someone from the cast , a non-English speaker use the F**** or S*** word , it become arrogant and aggressive.We quickly lose count of how many time they use the F and S word .
 everybody be just glad to be out of the theatre .
 and we have to give a vote , but it be hard for us because it be only from @card@ to @card@ , and we be look for the @card@ .
 I own this movie .
 I buy it for $3.99 at a fairly major video retailer in order to do some 'indie ' ' type movie research since I have just finish my own feature and be edit it .
 now when I feel down about my skill as a first time director I just sit down with a plate of cookie and Severed .
 within minute I feel great !
 !
 !
 I hate to down talk another filmmaker so I will just use constructive criticism .
 @ord@ find good actor .
 take the time .
 it really help .
 @ord@ when shoot video , over light your scene and darken in the computer later on in post .
 @ord@ closeup be good for Video .
 @ord@ when an actor enter a scene , wait a bit beforehaving them speak so that we know what be go on and who be talk .
 @ord@ never show the back of a door while we wait for someone to come open it .
 damn well worth the $3.99The True Horror would be get the review Severed have here on IMDb .
 and you have to give these guy credit.. .
 they do get distribute .
 a film with very little positive to say for it.Firstly it have zero pace and be positively lack in any drama.Besides be remarkably slow the Empty Acre seem dedicate to use the same stock footage again and again .
 I lose count of how many time I have see 'that ' field at night or that bit of cracked earth.It also have the fundamental flaw of think that if the audience do n't know about thing they will be grip rather than just confuse .
 so with no sign that there be any issue we suddenly find the marriage be not what it seem to be despite be give the impression that it be fine .
 we find Jacob be possibly the bad farmer in the universe as he seem to spend no time on the farm and also seem to have buy land with a wholly useless acre .
 Beth have a key to a warehouse of book ?
 there be innumerable other question some of which be resolve later in the movie , much later , in fact too late.And on the point of the acre .
 horror filmmaker note that large inanimate object be inherently not scary and also if they be mean to be an acre big then make them so.There be also a frightening lack of reasonability as Beth ( the good performer in the piece , follow by Jefferson the cop ) suddenly appear to be accuse of everything under the sun just because she be on 'medication'.With the full ten minute plus of run round the field look for the missing child ( do he crawl out of the window ?
 he be six month old ) the film descend into badly write scene after badly write scene .
 bad plinky plonk 'horror ' music fail to add atmosphere.Often bad film can be amusing but not the Empty Acre , which be just bad .
 definitely , definitely the bad film I have ever see , no question ask !
 contradictor of this opinion might argue that this title should not be judge by the same criterion as other , since it be an independent , low-budget film , but c'mon already the amateurism and meager innovation be horrifying.Agreeing with everything that have be say about this film , for example the mind numbingly weak acting ( when it be this bad you take another go at shoot the scene , god damn it ) , the thing I find the most annoy be the total lack of common sense in the script , assume such a thing exist during the production .
 there be an obvious absence of a dialogue with respect for the viewer , the girl switch personality several time and they seem to show absolutely no sing of any rationality or even brain - five relatively fit girl against one slight female psychopath gang up on her , why do n't you ?
 the only thing that can be regard as somewhat of a conquest for this title be the camera not leave the van at any time thus the viewer see everything from inside it - which be , as the rest of the film , a good idea execute exponentially dreadfully.oh and by the way , this movie be NOTHING like the Blair Witch Project or Cloverfield or any other title film with a hand-held camera this be an effect and not a trait !
 use cleverly it can be breathtaking , but in this case it be an excuse for inadequate cinematography .
 have listen to and enjoy Harvey Bernhard 's Omen II commentary I be shock to discover he be also behind this absolute piece of rubbish .
 it be like a really bad TV movie you might glimpse in the middle of the day when you have the flu and be too ill to reach the remote .
 I think at the bit where Michael Lerner be confront by what I can only describe as a high school cast of Les Miserables my mouth hang open in disbelief .
 and then my mouth be go up and down because I be laugh so much .
 dire .
 I do n't know why I have to write a minimum of ten line , I have make my point succinctly , there be nothing clever about all this modern verbiage .
 if you do n't mind have your emotion toy with , then you wo n't mind this movie .
 on the other hand , if you enjoy British crime mystery , follow clue and see how they all logically fall into place at the end , you will be very disappointed.Here be some of the logical inconsistency that lead to that disappointment:* while the police utilize the CCTV camera early on to gather clue about the mystery , the huge truck that stop and block the child 's view just before her disappearance do n't get catch on camera .
 this be a critical piece of the mystery .
 it be inconsistent to have the car the child be in catch on camera and not the big truck that be so critical to the mystery.* the movie go to great length to show the sophistication of the equipment in track down the child 's movement but miss the opportunity to utilize the same sophisticated equipment be track down vehicle that may have enter the crime scene from camera-visible location adjacent to the crime scene as part of develop clues.* in England , driving be on the left .
 the director go out of his way to have the car at the crime scene park on the right , several meter away from the flower kiosk , when it could have easily park immediately behind , or even on the side ; as the huge truck did.* the police forensics team be so meticulous as to find a discard cell phone in a sewer drain several mile from the scene of the crime , but ca n't find any blood evidence from the head injury right at the crime scene , even though they secure the scene just hour after the disappearance and with no intervene rainfall.* Search dog be not use at all to find the missing child ; this from the country that be well know for develop the hound dog for search and hunting.* it be illogical that such a highly publicize news story would not turn up the presumably innocent truck driver that stop at the flower kiosk.* it be illogical that the mother would go to such extreme and expend so much effort to leave carpet fiber clue under her fingernail for her eventual murder investigator even coax her daughter to do the same-- while she simply could not have crawl out of the unguarded mobile home .
 if she have enough sense about her to ask her daughter to get carpet fiber under her nail , she could of just as easily ask her daughter to call out for help or even leave the mobile home that be in a crowded residential park.* the suspect that abduct the little girl be portray as mentally slow/dimwitted --justifying his unknowingly drown of the mother but , he be smart enough not to cooperate with the police and also fully exercise his right not to self-incriminate.There be more inconsistency like this that will lead to a true sleuth aficionado 's disappointment .
 'Five day ' be a very weak British crime story .
 revenge on us the viewing public perhaps .
 I sit through this @card@ hour movie and i be wait for the second act to kick in so that the movie live up to its title .
 but Costner never avenge his lover fate she die and the movie end .
 I be leave wonder where the rest of the movie be .
 if a movie be call revenge then the hero well get some by the end of the film .
 I have a choice of see this or Black Rain at the cinema thankfully i see the other brother movie at the cinema instead.i catch up with this turkey on video .
 there be one good thing about the film and be its beautiful theme tune .
 listen to the cd.dont watch this its awful .
 @card@ out of @card@ I do not think this movie be worth anything bad script , bad act except for Janine Turner , no fantasy , stupid plot , dumb-ass husband and unfair divorce setting .
 if you have never see this movie before do n't even bother it be not worth it at all .
 the only thing that be good about it be that Janine Turner , do a good job acting .
 Terry 's husband be a stick up smart-ass defense attorney who have win a lot of case and even get guility murderer off .
 he think he be so smart but he be really just a nut .
 her good friend have an affair with her husband and betray her .
 nice girl huh .
 yeah she be a real peach , not .
 she be no day at the beach either .
 I check this movie out base on a favorable review on this page .
 it be slow move and the payoff be a four star dud..The only mystery here be how Oscar winner F. Murray Abraham get involve with such a lousy script !
 this have be put out on the DVD market by Alpha , and it be for die-hard Boris Karloff fan ( like moi ) only .
 it be not a horror flick , but a drama where Boris be a struggle scientist agree to kill a wealthy woman 's husband in order to gain the fortune need to continue with his work .
 but once the die victim change his will and leave his spouse nothing , all hell break loose.It be appease enough see Karloff as another selfish sinister type , and some of the acting be unintentionally hilarious ( especially from the lead lady Mona Goya who be absolutely a laugh riot as the double-cross wife).But proceed with much caution .
 Ok , I like B movies...I know what B movie be suppose to represent .
 but this be just awful .
 I be amazed it get such a decent overall score .
 the only redeeming quality of this flick be the ( mostly ) marginal splatter effect .
 do n't get me wrong , gore abound in this flick - but few effect really jump out at me ( like the anal 'probe'...that be great !
 ).I believe this movie be film on a camcorder .
 C'mon - rent a Betacam at least , I have see porn with good production value ( and well act as well).Acting - suck !
 but not in the Troma or Full Moon sort of way.Story - contrived !
 but thats what you get from film like these .
 very loose !
 set & prop - suck !
 my @card@ year old brother make more elaborate set for our house on Halloween.Dubbing and dialogue - suck !
 horrible voice act ( I should n't even call it acting ) and every other word be 'S**t ' or 'F**k'.There be ton of good classic and B rate horror / splatter flick out there and they be not that hard to track down .
 do yourself a favor by not waste time on this crap !
 this movie be horrible .
 I watch it three time , and not even the whole thing .
 it be just impossible to watch , the story line suck , it be depressing , and utterly disgusting .
 I do n't write spoiler for anything , so if you want to know why it be so disgusting , see it for yourself .
 the only good thing about this movie be John Savage , his dialogue at the beginning , and some funny part in the movie .
 the little kid in this movie be annoy , and the whole situation be bullshit .
 I see this movie at movie store around America , so I assume it would be a good movie .
 Jesus Christ , be I wrong !
 !
 !
 !
 the acting be all horrible , and the nudity itself be lame and nasty .
 another thing be , Starr Andreef , the other main character , have n't be in such bad movie in the past , in fact , she be in some pretty good one .
 same with John Savage .
 this movie SUCKS !
 this movie suck .
 ridiculous 'school ' athmosphere , unbelievable student that be very bad and behave like criminal but then later after the 'good teacher ' Nick Nolte teach them they become as good and as quiet as kittens.If this work for you , it do n't for me .
 @card@ out of @card@ this movie be suppose to be a mysterious , serious thriller about a man look for a missing girl .
 however , @card@ minute into the movie , it turn into a funny , unrealistic story with annoy character and random scene .
 I ca n't imagine anyone not laugh when Cage randomly Karate kick that blonde girl or when he 'bear ' punch that old lady .
 the line , character , and acting be all poorly do from the get-go .
 I have always like Nicolas Cage as an actor , but he have make some terrible movie this year ; this being by far the bad one ( yet...).I would n't recommend this movie to anyone who want to watch an intense story-gripping thriller .
 if you really want to enjoy this story , go rent the original .
 however , if you intend on watch it , get ready to laugh at some of the line and end scene rather than take them seriously ; that be the only way you enjoy this film .
 this be without doubt Rajnikanth 's bad movie ever .
 the first part be hold in place with solid comedy from Goundamani but it progressively get bad and bad and completely illogical .
 our hero also take a dig at Saints with the same name ( Baba ) through a corny and utterly lame one-liner .
 the first half have Rajni utter his usual array of oneliners and style and in the second half , become a quasi saint after a beggar take him through a interdimensional portal to the Himalayas where Babaji ( not the famous Saints he take a dig at earlier ) give him special power for no apparent reason ( other than karma ) .
 this be really start to get interesting now be n't it ?
 the rest of the movie be about him waste his magic boon and power and fight off politician and related black magic .
 the usual predictable crap with hilarious implementation .
 oh and the black magic never work on our hero because he just happen to have a Param Vir...er....Shakti Chakra with him .
 the bad guy and the usual politician villain be clichd , overwork and in the end , completely insignificant to the plot which itself do n't go anywhere.But despite all the flaw , it be fun to kill time with and yell Baba related one-liner during public event .
 its also fun to watch other curse about this movie .
 Ar Rehman be say to have compose the track for his movie through the cell phone .
 Thats how important he consider it.Rajni be very popular in Japan and he have include two character ( one of them be call Keiko...why not Samsung ?
 ) of Japanese origin in this movie just for the sake of it .
 but the way they be portray , dress and treat be absolutely pathetic .
 the Japanese may stop watch Rajni movie after see that .
 this movie be probably promotional material for Rajni enter politics but the result of the movie itself would have kill off any of his political dreams.Fun if you turn your brain off though .
 I be in such high hope of see an adaptation of a classic story like the Arabian Nights .
 instead i be disappoint in a film that fail to keep my attention from the very beginning , even though i try watch it twice !
 !
 it be a bonus that Caradine be in this movie but it do n't amount to much as the actor lack likability .
 for something a little similar Zorro with Anthony Hopkins and Bandaras be much good for action , comic moment and overall enjoyability.OK , so Son of the Dragon have many possible fan out there , but if your look for something to wow about in term of martial art and plot line you wont get it .
 if you just want the kid to settle down on a Sunday afternoon then maybe this it for you along with the @card@ ninjas .
 if they give me the option of negative number I will use it .
 this movie be truly god-awful .
 I go into the theater expect it to be horrible , and it somehow manage to exceed my expectations.The script be weak , the act be painful .
 I want to walk out but my friend be drive and want to get her money worth , I think we be both disappointed.The grow of the breast when the girl get their super power and change of the hair color be just wrong .
 Eddie Izzard just seem wrong for the part of super villain , he come off as oddly weak and silly .
 Jenny Johnsons ( Uma Thurman ) come off as psychotic and strange , as do Matt 's ( Luke Wilson ) friend Vaughn ( Rainn Wilson .
 really , truly , abysmally , garishly , awful .
 but actor Clayton Moore ( the movie Lone Ranger ) acquit himself competently as an actor .
 he be the only one.A rare treat , for five minute , if you want to plumb the depth of grotesquely transparent special effect , southern California as 'the moon ' ( again and again and again ) , and act so woodenly inept that it may be a spoof .
 .
 .
 except that it be clear that it isn't--no humor here , except unintentionally.The dialogue may be bad than any of these other aspect , and the costume .
 .
 .
 well , enough say .
 plot ?
 what plot ?
 bad guy ( well , head bad guy ) and his henchman , include his earthly agent call Krog ( listen carefully or you will suspect it be a spoof on the name of McDonald 's founder Ray Kroc)and his unbelievably inept gunsel ( who , however , have handgun that never need reloading ; as do Commando Cody , so there be numerous firefight standoffs).Enjoy .
 rich ditzy Joan Winfield ( a woefully miscast Bette Davis ) be engage to be marry to stupid egotistical Allen Brice ( Jack Carson look lose ) .
 her father ( Eugene Palette ) be determine to stop the marriage and have her kidnap by pilot Steve Collins ( James Cagney .
 seriously ) .
 they crash land in the desert and hate each other but ( sigh ) start fall in love.This seem to be get a high rating from reviewer here only because Cagney and Davis be in it .
 they be both brilliant actor but they be know for dramas NOT comedy and this movie show why !
 the script be just horrible--there be not one genuine laugh in the entire movie .
 the run joke in this have Cagney and Davis fall rump first in a cactus ( this be do Three Times !
 ) .
 only their considerable talent save them from be completely humiliate .
 as it be they both do their good with the lousy material .
 Cagney try his good with his line and Davis screech every line full force but it do n't work .
 Carson have this 'what the hell ' look on his face throughout the entire movie ( probably because his character emotion change in second ) .
 only Palette with his distinctive voice and over the top reading mange to elicit a few smile .
 but , all in all , this be dull and laughless--a real chore to sit through .
 this get two star only for Cagney and Davis ' acting and some beautiful cinematography but really--it be not worth see .
 Cagney and Davis hate this film in late year and you can see why .
 well this be a typical 'straight to the toilet ' slasher film.Long story short , a bunch of teenagers/young adult become strand in the middle of creepy wood and get hack down by naked nymphomaniac demons.This movie have all the basic for this slasher fromage:-Naked woman , -teens or young adult be maroon in someplace spooky , -gory death scene , -the last survivor be a well build young woman who will always show off her midriff , but never bra less , -a creepy , crazy man who know about the evil , -lesbian kiss scene , -sex be a killer , -no plotEven then for a cheesy slasher film , it be really terrible .
 the atmosphere be totally dead .
 nothing , not even the sexually explicit scene and nudity , be enough to keep the male and lesbian female audience interested .
 watch it feel like it be be watch with a nasty head congestion or a nasty head cold.Give the demonic ... .
 @card@ .
 I be still shudder at the thought of EVER see this movie again.I have see action film , I have even like quite a few of them , but this one go over the top.Not only do it have the bad male actor ever ( Sly Stallone ) play the lead role , but the plot of the movie be so stupid from the beginning ( why not rob the money while the plane be on the ground , would be hell of a lot easy ) that it require a person with IQ less than his shoenumber to believe it.Furthermore , the plot have no real twist at all , a three year old kid could guess what come next .
 it be a set of clich ( of action genre ) , with Sly perform even bad than his other movie ( he be well even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film ) .
 now there be an actor who ca n't act a ) surprised B ) sad C ) anything else than his basic face.I would still like to point out that this movie have two factor that might make some people like it .
 explosion be outstanding , but then.. .
 you can see good on the 4th of July .
 landscape be magnificient , but then.. .
 there be documentary about the Alps and Himalayas , so you can see good sight that way , rather than waste time on this flick.Go watch some other movie instead , there be hundred , even thousand good action movie .
 this be definitely a stupid , bad-taste movie .
 Eddie Murphy star in what be write like a sitcom .
 he be surround with his perfect family , full of good family value .
 if you be look for politically correct entertainment , this movie be for you .
 but if you hate the idea of be the only one not to laugh at obscene gag in a movie-theater full of pop-corn addict , just flee .
 ...said a couple exit the movie theater just as I be enter to watch this .
 hmm , not a good sign , but who know ?
 different stroke for different folk , after all .
 well , nope .
 they be be kind .
 Godard have release work that be passionate ( Contempt ) , entertaining ( Band of Outsiders ) , sometimes both ( My Life to live ) .
 this be just dull intellectualism , that grate on the nerve pretty quickly .
 during my showing , literally half of the audience have walk out by the end of the film .
 if only I have be so wise .
 after spot the high rating on IMDb , I decide to go see this movie .
 beyond that high rating , I intentionally avoid read any of the review .
 I want to go into the theater with a clean slate , without know the plot or have predetermine expectations.Given my rating , you can see that I be disappoint .
 I enjoy the development of the main character Mike Enslin .
 I also enjoy how the hotel manager attempt to talk him out of enter the hotel room .
 by the time Enslin enter the room , I be ready for some scary stuff.First chocolate appear on the pillow and the toilet paper be fold .
 Enslin react in a believable manner .
 he be freak out .
 I be encourage and think to myself , this be go to be good .
 the people who make this movie understand that less be more.But it be what happen next that be a big let down .
 the subtleness be quickly replace by the predictable shotgun approach.. .
 just blast the audience with every Hollywood scary trick in the book and hope that something work .
 let be see , a clock radio that turn on by itself ?
 good , that be always scary .
 object that move around in the room ?
 good , you ca n't complain about that .
 blood drip from the wall and sink ?
 great .
 ghost that commit suicide ?
 good .
 anything else ?
 how about loud noise , shake , fire , more shake , mess up the room , more blood , etc etc .
 it be all good .
 and it have all be do before .
 Overstimulate our attention deficit Disordered audience with all kind of stuff in quick succession , and they wo n't be able to look away.Well , it do n't work for me .
 and you know what else ?
 when I go see a horror movie in a theater , it be typical to hear several group of girl in the audience yell in fear at scary moment .
 but this movie have no scary moment .
 the audience be silent and disinterested .
 I feel no chill down my spine .
 nothing .
 the Shining be 100x what this movie try to be.So who be all these people who be say that it be one of the good horror movie ever ?
 friend of the director ?
 sorry , I just do n't get it .
 OK , forget all the technical inconsisties or the physical impossibility of the Space Shuttle accidentally be launch by a quirky robot with a heart of gold .
 forget the hideous special effect and poorly-constructed one-dimensional character .
 just look at the premise of the story .
 the very reason for the film to exist in the first place , and you will see just how badly this film be piece together.I know @card@ year old that look at this insult to the intelligence and just laugh at it .
 the story be horrible .
 the acting be comical and the message its try to show be incomprehensible .
 and whats worse , be that the cable movie channel Keep SHOWING it !
 its on twice a day every two or three day !
 why do anyone in their right mind think that people would want to see this painful piece of celluloid multiple time , much less to see it at all ?
 my recomendation be dont even bother spend the energy to watch this thing .
 its just not worth it .
 with its companion piece master of HORROR , NIGHTMARES and DREAMSCAPES can only be see as the absolute nadir of the genre that begin so auspiciously with the TWILIGHT Zone and the Outer LIMITS.Of course , part of the problem be that it do nothing to be of any interest to a comparatively adult audience , instead aim at TEN-YEAR-OLDS , who be only able to count body-bags , and scarcely that .
 and so grossness be king , and King be grossness.Stephen King be simply illiterate in general he have the aptitude for storytelling of Bart Simpson .
 since he can read his sole inspiration be the movies.True , the cinema be not such a bad place to start , since it have generally escape the onslaught of 'Realism ' .
 but these film be only the rumor , not the thing , and if you want to WRITE , you have to dig deeper.Of course , only PICKMAN have monster as close acquaintance .
 but even so , it should be clear to any undergraduate that vampire be not Dracula and Lugosi.At least AUTOPSY Room Four be a clear indication of what be wrong .
 one can almost imagine this pathetic dolt sit as his desk try to come up with something SCARY.Not , mind you , try to describe accurately the horror of the system of which he be an integral part , make the stupid stupid , but try to come up with a scary story for his little nephew .
 suppose , you be paralyze , and people think you be dead and start to cut you open like they do at those autopsy thing !
 would n't that be gross ?
 and that , boy and girl , be the story.What about characterization ?
 oh yes , he be one of these suit , who never really appreciate life , you know , and now it be too late , right ?
 and he be shout well , they ca n't actually hear him , you know he be say that he be go to sue the hospital , but he be not such a big shot anymore , you see , lie there ( or be it lay , I can never remember ) and all .
 and he be think : oh no please , please do n't cut me and this be terrible , lie ( or lay ) like that now , would n't that be a great story ?
 you know I read somewhere that a snake bite can do that , I think it be that great medical authority Agatha Christie .
 what be the name of that snake again , oh yeah , a BOOMSLANG have quite a ring to it , do n't it.Let be make it a Peruvian BOOMSLANG !
 sure , Steve , that be great except that BOOMSLANG be Afrikaans , you moron !
 but how can you really tell that the target audience be child , and not simply mental defect ?
 it be easy : there be no sex.Well , there be , but it be the kind glimpse through a crack in the door to our parent 's bedroom .
 modern filmmaker be really big on the erotic aspect of the genre , the monster , the female victim , the chase.But unlike Universal and Lewton they have no idea what be go on .
 all that be really leave be the giggle outside the Sm club and the Fascist credo that people with sexual preference be intrinsically evil.In spite of a certain discrepancy in size , King Kong know exactly what to do with Fay Wray .
 Freddy Krueger can only kill her.And since there be no real titillation in that , he have to torture her first not in any way that might excite her , you understand , since that would upset our puritan sentiment .
 and so , horror and romanticism become simply unpleasantness and the groom of psychopaths.Our hero , you see , be a rubber fetishist , and can only get a boner if someone touch him you know down there with you know rubber glove ( giggle ) .
 and that be what they use in autopsy , and that be how they discover that he be , in fact , you know.Obviously , this be the author at the height of his inspirational power .
 too bad , they cut it out , since it might have upset the five-year-old watch the show !
 my mother keep a cassette of this film as a general threat to any film loving person who annoy her .
 everything about it stinks.As such it be a true classic.Who give it @card@ ?
 be you inadvertently watch a good film and accidentally vote for this one ?
 everyone involve in the movie make process should be force to watch at least a small section of this film .
 it should be an indelible stain on the mind on all that hold film sacred and be revere as the tide mark of the cinematically dire .
 dreadful horror sequel to 'The Howling ' .
 this pick off with Karen White 's funeral ( she be kill at the end of the first film ) .
 Stefan Crosscoe ( Christopher Lee sadly ) arrive there and tell Karen 's brother Ben ( Reb Brown ) that Karen be a werewolf .
 he be go to Transylvania to kill Striba ( Sybil Danning ) the head werewolf .
 Ben and a coworker of Karen ( Annie McEnroe ) join him.A terrible script , bad direction , inept edit and truly horrendous acting by Brown and McEnroe single handedly sink this one .
 the werewolf effect be mostly keep in the dark--for good reason !
 they be terrible when you see them .
 subpar special effect also--although I DID like the cartoon lightning that come from Danning 's finger .
 there be also a werewolf orgy which be particularly stupid and Danning take off her top at least EIGHT Times during the closing credit !
 there be a few good things--I find the village in Transylvania amusing--it look like it come from a Universal horror flick from the 1930s !
 there be interesting camera trick between transition scene ; Brown and McEnroe have good body and Lee and Danning be good in this--but they ca n't save it .
 Really--WHY do they do this ?
 where that they hard up for money ?
 ?
 ?
 this be one of IMDb 's low rate movie .
 that alone should tell you something .
 Supposedly Danning be horrify when she see the movie--I can understand why !
 a must-miss .
 Sam ( Thomas Cavanagh ) and Gray ( Heather Graham ) be devoted sibling who share an apartment and a love of many thing -- ballroom dancing , 1940s movie musical and , much to their surprise , an attractive woman name Charlie ( Bridget Moynahan ) .
 historically heterosexual , Gray be confuse by her new feelings.Gray matter prove to be one of the bland film I have ever see .
 it be dull , predictable , unfunny , poorly act and poorly write .
 nothing about it feel real and everything be very cheesy .
 also , this be n't really a romantic comedy with a special twist but more of a 'coming out ' movie .
 Sue Kramer try to make the first half cute with the romantic stuff and the second half serious with the actual acceptance and come out part .
 unfortunately , she fail miserably .
 the first half be largely unfunny and only Heather Graham be able to hold it up a little .
 then , the film take an awkward tone and get all serious .
 the serious scene be handle poorly and all of the emotion just feel phony.I guess I would have enjoy the film a little more if the relationship between the character feel more authentic .
 the brother and sister relationship be very weak and they do n't really appear to be that close .
 their relationship just do n't feel very natural .
 also , the relationship between Tom and Bridget feel very unnatural .
 if two people be go to get married after only know each other for less than a week , then you would expect to see a little more excitement but the character talk about get married in Vegas in the same manner of ask a waiter what the special be .
 there be a lack of excitement in the film and it be hard to get involve with the movie with such unmotivated characters.The acting be mostly weak which be a bit surprising give the decent cast .
 Heather Graham give the only good performance in the movie .
 she be funny and have a few charming scene but it be too bad that all of her co-star be complete dud .
 Bridget Moynahan be very weak and her performance ringed false on every level .
 also , it seem like she be read her line .
 Thomas Cavanagh be pretty wooden and he show nearly no emotion .
 the chemistry between Thomas and Heather be non existent and that damage the film because their relationship feel phony .
 I can usually rely on Molly Shannon to be funny in a support role but here she be just annoy .
 Sissy Spacek have about two scene and she be annoy in both of them .
 finally , Alan Cumming just have an embarrassing character and his performance be n't very good .
 overall , Gray Matters be a lame film and it be n't worth watching .
 rating @card@ if there be one film which be the bad of this year- it be TASHAN the first promo give an indication that the film will be a boring Dhoom @card@ style film , and well i know first only it would be a bad film whatever it maybe because of it be a Yashraj film or maybe see the cheesy promo but this film give me a shock , it be even worst then Dhoom @card@ and what i expect First Saif 's introduction which be boring then Saif- Kareena meet , Kareena be so artificial and then Anil Kapoor oh god , what he be do in such a weird film ?
 what kinda role it be ?
 what acting be he do ?
 his first scene be alright but then his act get repetitive and he overact then come Akshay who provide some nice scene , but then the film become more boring and with all the outdated stuff childhood romance , overdose of childish Rajnikant style action scene and all boring scene the ending be another jokeVijay Krishna Acharya would have get @card@ film more to direct , if this film have work , thats the strategy of yashraj , only money nothing else so Vijay be another addition to their list of crap filmmakers Music( Vishal Shekhar ) be ordinaryPerformances Akshay Kumar come in the film as a whiff of fresh air , he actually provide some engaging moment Saif Ali Khan be irritate , Kareena be equally bad Anil Kapoor ham outrageously and spoil the show even more Rest be okay First off.. .
 I never consider myself an Uwe Boll Hater since I think I never even see one of his movie but after see this cheap excuse for a movie name 'Seed ' ( which be the name of the serial killer this movie be about ) I be close to join the hate club .
 this movie make absolutely no sense at all.. .
 the plot be a joke and although Boll clearly try to get attention by shocking people @card@ % of this movie be just plain boredom .
 you can sum up this movie like this:1 .
 hooded killer watch clip of animal get tortured on TV .
 this be real life footage from pelt farm and the movie open with the ridiculous reason of 'making a statement about humanity ' and give a Peta address .
 since this movie have no message at all and be the bad piece of torture porn-exploitation you already have a reason to hate the movie from the beginning onward.2 .
 death by electrocution with a pretext that give away what happen later in this movie print on screen so every retard get it.3 .
 cop watch video of animal , baby and woman starve to death and decompose in Seeds basement , have stupid nightmare and cry into their whiskey because Seed be such an evil bad mofo .
 although the acting be OK the movie take a dive every time it try to incorporate any emotions...4 .
 cop bust Seed in his house , act stupid and get slash in the dark .
 this sequence remind me of a video game , you barely see anything except flashlight .
 seed be a super killer that be everywhere at once and all cop act stupid enough to be killed.. .
 except for one who bust him.5 .
 seed get the chair and we see his electrocution as lengthy as everything else in this 'movie'.. .
 he wo n't die and we be remind of the opening statement that he must be set free if he survive @card@ electric jolt .
 guess what.. .
 they just bury him alive to solve the problem.6 .
 seed come out of his grave , kill everyone off in another slash part and then seek the main cop to take revenge on.7 .
 a woman get her head bash in with a hammer in an endless sequence from one point of view just for the fun and shock value of it.8 .
 seed capture the cop family , lure him to his house , threaten to kill his wife and daughter .
 after kill his wife with a nail gun the cop shoot himself in the head consider thats whats Seed want ( its hard to get into that guy head since he not just wear his mask even in prison but also never utter a word ... the movie have barely any dialog anyway so do n't mind).9 .
 Boll go for a nihilistic shocker end where Seed lock the daughter in with her dead dad to rot like the person we see on video on sequence 3.This be it.. .
 no message , no plot , no reason , no face behind the mask , no background except a stupid story that Seed be burn as a child.This movie rely purely on few key scene and their shock value .
 I hardly remember a movie this empty of any emotion or message or entertainment .
 its like watch August Underground ... thats fine with me , some people will enjoy this brainless snuff .
 but what be really hard to stand about it be the pseudo-message in the beginning and the fact that the movie be well make consider camera-work , effect and even the acting be too good for this waste of celluloid.So how do Boll get money to make such 'movies ' when thousand of talented director work on shoestring budget ?
 ?
 'Seed ' be not just the essence of ridiculous , its live proof that the free market be flaw ... lucky Uwe that the German taxpayer be pay for a lot of this waste to get deductments .
 this film concern purportedly non-establishment type ( aesthetically and sexually ) who apparently can resist basic romantic need .
 although some excellent player take part , include Jon Tenney , Timothy Olyphant , and Cynthia Nixon , they be ground by a puerile script which rely nearly totally upon clever dialogue ; which be n't .
 Nixon 's role possess the good line , but she often home in on them too quickly , a timing flaw which must be saddle upon the director .
 the grotesque climax utilize every available cliche , spend or not , and fittingly end this drab attempt at comedy .
 the master of cheap erotic horror , Rolfe Kanefsky , finally make a movie that do n't go straight to the Playboy Channel .
 'The Hazing ' borrow heavily from everything that come before it from Nightmare on Elm Street to Evil Dead , but still manage to do it with enough humor to make it watchable.. .
 just barely .
 the character be cardboard , the dialogue be wooden , the story be paper-thin and the actor could n't act their way out of a grocery bag .
 put that all together and you have a pulpy ball of mulch for a movie .
 sometimes , when I be bore , I like to eat paper .
 watch this movie be a lot like that .
 chew on it for @card@ minute and you be leave with a weird taste in your mouth and no nutritional value .
 Guy Ritchie 's noble effort be beat up , knock down , rape , kick around , shot , stab , spit upon , punch , sodomized , and abuse and leave for dead by Madonna 's dreadful performance .
 her acting be very reminiscent of a graduate from the Al Gore School of Dramatics and Public Speaking .
 Guy Ritchie do do a somewhat noble attempt to remake this , and if you exclude ALL of the scene that his wife be in , it be a fair movie at good .
 I think that the well acting job ever , have to be Guy comfort his wife that her performance be good enough not to re-shoot .
 if you have an opportunity of watch Swept Away or clip your toenail for @card@ minutes...go for the extended pedicure .
 well then .
 I just watch an crap-load of movies--all with vary degree of quality .
 I be n't too sure about which one I want to review first .
 then it hit me like a sack-a-rats : Rodentz .
 warn people about Rodentz .
 this monstrosity star nobody and be painfully dull to sit through .
 and it be about mutant rat kill people .
 Yeah.. .
 real freak ' original .
 'Food of the God , ' or 'Willard ' anyone ?
 those be good than this , and that do n't say much...**POSSIBLE SPOILER**Okay here be the story : Inna laboratory the scientist and his plucky assistant be experiment on rat and their laboratory be in a crappy neighborhood and crappy building and the plucky assistant 's moronic friend show up drunk and everyone become food for the crazed rat and just about everybody die and , oh yeah , there be one giant rat that look crappy , but it get kill , the end .
 there , all in once sentence !
 spoiler , you say ?
 Ppfff !
 !
 I beg to differ !
 the second we all realize that there be a giant rat , we all know it be gonna die eventually !
 !
 **END SPOILER**Here be the breakdown:The Good:--Well , I watch it for free , but for everyone else.. .
 hmmm , no .
 there be nothing good here.Did n't Hurt it , do n't Help:--Um.. .
 well .
 the gore be decent .
 --Very average cinematography.--CG rat not as bad as they could have be in some shots...The Bad:--...and in other shot , the CG rat be pathetically cheap-looking .
 look , if your film have a low budget , maybe you should n't rely on CG .
 lesson to take to heart.--The acting be extremely poor.--The character be beyond uninteresting--we have a mish-mash of clichs and none of them be even do that well.--Booooooooooooring.--Been do before--plenty of times.--Stupid story , just stupid.--Giant rat look like fat man in poorly conceived bear costume--that be kind of funny--but not funny enough to give this film any worth.--Retarded , unrealistic , and boring dialog.--All the college student rat chow people be drink Tequila from huge plastic milk jugs--and yet they do n't appear to be drink for anything longer than a few second .
 way to stick with continuity , guys.The Ugly:--This film be bad .
 simply terrible .
 bad than you might imagine .
 it be not even laughably bad like , for instance , 'Scarecrow ' ( @card@ ) or 'House of the Dead .
 ' now those movie be crap you can enjoy .
 even if they do make you stupider.Memorable Scene:--The lame action-movie end , complete with uninjured hero and explosion .
 because it do n't feel at all like the rest of this monstrosity--but still sucked.Acting : @card@ story : @card@ atmosphere : @card@ cinematography : @card@ Character Development : @card@ special Effects/Make-up : @card@ Nudity/Sexuality : @card@ ( I be tend to my son occasionally during the film , so I may have miss it , but be supposedly in there ) Violence/Gore : @card@ dialogue : @card@ music : @card@ ( average for the time ) write : @card@ direction : 2/10Cheesiness : @card@ Crappiness : 9/10Overall : 1/10Watch it only if you love rat and vermin-based horror film .
 Wait.. .
 check that .
 do n't watch it .
 it be crap.(www.ResidentHazard.com ) the fact that this movie make it all the way to the rentalrack in Norway be bizarre .
 this movie be just awful .
 this image quality be just one teeny bit well than you get of a mobile phone and the plot be soooo bad .
 the main character be just plain annoy and the rest just suck .
 every person affiliate with this movie should be ashamed .
 the fact that the people that make this movie put their name on this be extraordinary .
 and the distributor ; do they even see it !
 ?
 this be probably the bad movie I have ever see .
 to label this a comedy be an insult to mankind .
 I urge you not to support this movie by buy or rent it .
 I be interested to see the move think that it might be a diamond in the rough , but the only thing I find be bad writing , horrible directing ( the shot sequence do not flow ) even though the director might say that that be what he be go for , it look very uninspired and immature ) the edit could have be do by anyone with @card@ VCR and the stock be low budget video .
 I would say that it be n't even something as simple as mini digital video.There be some simple way to fix a film with what the director have , like through edit etc .
 but it be obvious that he just do n't care .
 there be as much effort put in to this movie as a ham sandwich .
 it could be make well , but that would mean extra work .
 my husband be a huge Robin Williams fan .
 I like him too , but have generally find that he should 'stick to what he do good ' and focus on comedic role .
 my thought be confirm with this movie .
 I be completely bore throughout the entire film .
 the story be predictable .
 I realize it be inspire by a true story .
 but , my guess be that there could have be some suspense or intrigue even while maintain truth in the story .
 none of the character be well develop .
 there be a side story about the main character and his partner .
 this relationship could have be explore further .
 more important , though , would have be a deep exploration of the mother of the 'boy ' .
 her psychological profile would have be interesting to delve into .
 she obviously have a long history that be not touch upon except in the most superficial way .
 if my husband be n't such a huge Williams fan , we would have leave @card@ minute into it .
 too bad I ca n't get my $20 or @card@ hour back .
 I usually start by relay the premise of the film , but before anyone make any hasty judgment about my review , let me preface it by say that I be someone who like most film ( just check my other review ) .
 alone in the Dark be a film by director Uwe Boll , whose film right before this one be House of the Dead ( @card@ ) .
 like Alone in the dark , it be also a film adaptation of a video game .
 almost everyone hate it .
 well , I love it .
 I even give it a @card@ out of @card@ !
 my point in state this ( which will surely turn some reader off immediately ) be that if even I hate Alone in the dark , there must be something wrong with it.The Premise : who be I kid ?
 attempt to state a premise for this film be about as easy as try to balance the United States ' budget , but here it go anyway .
 some archaeologist discover evidence of some lose American Indian tribe .
 the Indian tribe apparently have discover some means of broach the 'second world ' , which be evil in nature .
 the bad stuff wipe them out , but not before they could lock the door to the evil world and throw away the key .
 later , some scientist/government researcher who have be experiment with the paranormal , and specifically this tribe , decide to experiment on some kid , to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world .
 ( believe it or not--everything up to this point and then some be tell to us in a write prologue to the film--it be just white text scroll across a black screen with a voice-over also read it to us ) .
 then , there be something about the kid be in an orphanage , but the government take them back out , and then a bunch of people be search for archaeological relic , and there be super human roam around , and a bunch of military people be call in and on and on.In fact , the exposition never really stop .
 it be like a neverending backstory from hell .
 there be enough idea here to fill at least @card@ film , maybe @ord@ but not one of them be present in a coherent way to create one good film .
 in addition to the mystical lost Indian tribe and the superhumans , we also get monster that resemble a cross between Alien and a werewolf , worm that invade your body and turn into snake-like alien , tunnel worm underground , zombie , Starship Trooper-like war , evil scientist , underground lair , gold mine , spooky warehouse , impalement , big mostly unused museum , government conspiracy , golden trunk pull out of the sea , nun , explosion , complex backstabbing plot , a very ambiguous romance , car chase , home invasion , kitchen sink .
 .
 .
 wait , I ca n't remember if that last one be in the film .
 even more amazingly ( amusingly ?
 ) , in Fangoria #240 , producer Shawn Williamson be quote as say , 'We be spend much more time on story , be very meticulous about that ' .
 Tara Reid call Alone in the dark 'a smart film'.Let me not mislead anyone .
 a lot of that stuff above might sound yummy to the potential audience for this film , but the problem be that nothing have the slight connection to anything else .
 I usually have no idea what any setting 's relation be to any other setting , why we be there , or what anyone be do ( at least when each scene begin ) .
 it be just a random mishmash of setting and clichs , as if director Uwe Boll have @card@ unrelated idea in a hat and pull them out like lottery number .
 then when he be do , he and editor Richard Schwadel decide to cut the film by use dice , then reassemble it by throw the I Ching .
 sometimes the film play like an extended director 's reel ( which be a combination of short , varied , unrelated scene that director circulate to try to get work ) , but perhaps that be be too generous .
 I be not sure Boll would get work if this be his reel.Just as I tend to at least like most film , I tend to like most actor and most performance .
 it be very rare that I say that a performance be bad .
 well , Tara Reid be bad here--and I be someone who usually like Reid .
 I do n't know what happen .
 for a large percentage of the film , they just move her around the set like a prop .
 they might as well have just buy a blow-up doll .
 that would have save them money that they could have use for some cgi ghost and vampire in castle and graveyard setting .
 maybe they choose to move her around like a pretty piece of driftwood after they see the daily of her mumble nonsense dialogue in a monotone that be usually reserve for entertaining mother-in-laws.And speak of that dialogue , a lot of Alone in the dark play like a Godzilla film without Godzilla .
 by that , I mean that it be a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook .
 at least in Godzilla film , there be a campiness to it , because they know how ridiculous it be , and there be a big payoff in that we get to see Godzilla destroy downtown and battle a giant gnat with radioactive death beam shoot from its eye or something.Just what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater be do here , besides overact and file lawsuit against their agent , be difficult to say .
 I ca n't say that I think anyone in the film have a decent performance , although maybe Slater at least see the cigar .
 I think that be unprecedented for me.Still , I do n't give this film a @ord@ there be some competent cinematography , even if Boll and Schwadel make mincemeat out of it , and the hard rock tune over the end credit be good .
 heck , even the novelette prologue be n't so bad .
 I actually think the film have promise at that point .
 but this may just be the bad film I have ever see with a budget of @card@ million or more .
 the script be so so laughable.. .
 this in turn , make the actor ' line sound stiff and unrealistic and not to be believe .
 there be repetition of phrase -- 'my sweet little god daughter ' and minor variation of that line which come to mind.. .
 and it be just sloppy soap opera dialog.Worse yet , the music be so WRONG !
 plus , the main bluesy 'theme ' be horribly quaint and entirely wrong for this .
 and it feel overuse mostly because the instrumentation , texture and arrangement of this theme never change , even when the scene 's emotional context does.Subsequently , whenever it appear , it stick out like a sore thumb as the main transition from one scene to another.The music be corny , and it be as if the writer be write music for a soap or a sitcom -- a low budget @card@ 's Canadian sitcom at that -- and this make it feel as if we be always on the brink of throw to a commercial.This be so miscast , there be a lot of overact and it be a real stretch that so many of these character be employ only ONE type of NY accent -- a thick Bronx accent .
 I do n't know if it be a question of the actor ' limited capacity in only know *one* NY accent -- or whether it be a question of the director 's ability to notice such an glaring anomaly.In the end , it be the amateur script with it 's leaden line which make this entire 'movie'.. .
 blow .
 when any foundation be shaky and unstable , it be impossible to build upon it without it 's flaw reveal themselves in exponentially more damaging and unflattering way .
 now that Che(2008 ) have finish its relatively short Australian cinema run ( extremely limit release:1 screen in Sydney , after 6wks ) , I can guiltlessly join both host of 'At the movie ' in take Steven Soderbergh to task.It be usually satisfy to watch a film director change his style/subject , but Soderbergh 's most recent stinker , the Girlfriend Experience(2009 ) , be also miss a story , so narrative ( and edit ?
 ) seem to suddenly be Soderbergh 's main challenge .
 strange , after 20-odd year in the business .
 he be probably never much good at narrative , just hide it well inside 'edgy ' projects.None of this excuse him this present , almost diabolical failure .
 as David Stratton warn , 'two part of Che do n't ( even ) make a whole'.Epic biopic in name only , Che(2008 ) barely qualify as a feature film !
 it certainly have no leg , inasmuch as except for its uncharacteristic ultimate resolution force upon it by history , Soderbergh 's 4.5hrs-long dirge just go nowhere.Even Margaret Pomeranz , the more forgiving of Australia 's at the Movies duo , note about Soderbergh 's repetitious waste of ( HD digital storage ) : 'you be in the woods...you be in the woods...you be in the woods.. .
 ' .
 I too be surprise Soderbergh do n't give us another 2.5hrs of THAT somewhere between his existing two part , because he still leave out massive chunk of Che 's 'revolutionary ' life !
 for a biopic of an important but infamous historical figure , Soderbergh unaccountably alienate , if not deliberately insult , his audience by1 .
 never provide most of Che 's story ; @ord@ imposing unreasonable film length with mere dullard repetition ; @ord@ ignore both true hindsight and a narrative of event ; @ord@ barely develop an idea , or a character ; @ord@ remain claustrophobically episodic ; @ord@ ignore proper context for scenes---whatever we do get be mire in disruptive timeshifts ; @ord@ linguistically dislocate all audience ( even Spanish-speaker will be confuse by the incongruous exposition in English ) ; and8 .
 pointlessly whitewash his main subject into one dimension .
 why , at This late stage ?
 the T-shirt franchise have be a success !
 our sense of claustrophobia be surely due to Peter Buchman and Benjamin Vander Veen base their screenplay solely on Guevara 's memoir .
 so , like a poor student who have read only ONE of his allot text for his assignment , Soderbergh 's product be exceedingly limit in perspective.The audience be hold captive within the same constrained knowledge , scenery and circumstance of the 'revolutionaries ' , but that do n't elicit our sympathy .
 instead , it dawn on us that 'Ah , Soderbergh be try to hobble his audience the same as the Latino peasant be at the time ' .
 but these be the same illiterate Latino peasant who sell out the good doctor to his enemy .
 why do Soderbergh feel the need to equate us with them , and keep us equally mentally captive ?
 such audience straitjacketing must have a purpose.Part2 be more chronological than Part1 , but it be literally mind-numbing with its repetitive bush-bashing , misery of outlook , and lack of variety or character arc .
 Deltoro 's Che have no opportunity to grow as a person while he struggle to educate his own ill-disciplined troop .
 the only letup be the humour as Che deal with his sometimes deeply ignorant 'revolutionaries ' , some of whom violently lack self-control around local peasant or food .
 we certainly get no insight into what cause the condition , nor any strategic analysis of their guerrilla insurgency , such as it was.Part2 's excruciating countdown remain fearfully episodic : again , nothing be telegraph or contextualize .
 thus even the scene with Fidel Castro ( Demin Bichir ) be unexpected and disconcert .
 any selected event be portray minimally and Latino-centrically , with Part1 's interview replace by time-shifting meeting between the corrupt Bolivian president ( Joaquim de Almeida ) and US Government official promising CIA intervention( !
 ).The rest of Part2 's 'woods ' and day-for-night blue filter just exasperate the audience until they be eye the exits.Perhaps Deltoro feel too keenly the frustration of many non-American Latino about never get a truthful , unspun history of Che 's exploit within their own country .
 when foreign government still wo n't deliver a free press to their people--for whatever reason--then one can see how a popular American indie producer might set out to entice the not-so-well-read ( 'I may not be able to read or write , but I be NOT illiterate !
 '--cf.The Inspector General(1949 ) ) out to their own local cinema .
 the film 's obvious neglect and gross over-simplifications hint very strongly that it be aim only at the comprehension of the less-informed who Still SPEAK Little English .
 if they do , they will have read tome on the subject already , and critiqued the relevant social issue amongst themselves--learning the lesson of history as they should.Such insight be precisely what society still need--and not just the remain illiterate Latino of Central and South America--yet it be what Che(2008 ) gleefully fail to deliver .
 Soderbergh bury his lead because he be weak on narrative .
 I be gobsmacked why Benicio Deltoro deliberately choose Soderbergh for this project if he know this .
 it have be 44yrs , hindsight about Guevara be sorely want : it be what I go to see this film for , but the director diabolically rob us of that.David Stratton , write in the Australian ( 03-Oct-2009 ) observe that while Part1 be 'uneven ' , Part2 actually 'goes rapidly downhill ' from there , 'charting Che 's final campaign in Bolivia in excruciate detail ' , which '...feels almost unbearably slow and turgid'.Che:The Guerilla aka Part2 be certainly no travelogue for Bolivia , paint it a picture of misery and atavism .
 the entire second half be only redeem by the aforementioned humour , and the dramatic--yet tragic--capture and execution of the film 's subject.The rest of this interminable cinema verite be just confusing , irritate misery--shockingly , for a Soderbergh film , to be avoid at all cost .
 it be bind to break the heart of all who know even just a smattering about the subject.(2/10 ) despite be release on DVD by Blue Underground some five year ago , I have never come across this Italian 'sword and sorcery ' item on late-night Italian TV and , now that I have see it for myself , I know exactly why .
 not because of its director 's typical predilection for extreme gore ( of which there be some example to be sure ) or the fact that the handful of woman in it parade topless all the time ( it be set in the Dark Ages after all)it be , quite simply , very poor stuff indeed .
 in fact , I would go so far as to say that it may very well be the bad of its kind that I have yet see and , believe me , I have see plenty ( especially in the last few year i.e. follow my excursion to the @card@ Venice Film Festival ) !
 read about how the film 's failure at the time of initial release be believe to have lead to its director be subsequent ( and regrettable ) career nosedive into mindless low-budget gore , I can see their point : I may prefer Fulci 's early 'giallo ' period ( @card@ ) to his more popular stuff horror ( @card@ ) myself but , even on the latter , his commitment be arguably unquestionable .
 on the other hand , Conquest seem not to have inspire Fulci in the least see how he decide to drape the proceeding with an annoyingly perpetual mist , sprinkle it with incongruent character ( cannibal vs .
 werewolf , anyone ?
 ) , irrelevant gore ( we be treat to a gratuitous , nasty cannibal dinner just before witness the flesh-eating reveler have their brain literally beat out by their hairy antagonist !
 ) and even some highly unappetize intimacy between the masked , brain-slurping villainess ( do n't ask ) and her slimy reptilian pet !
 !
 for what it be worth , we have two hero for the price of one here : a young magic bow-carrying boy on some manhood-affirming odyssey ( Andrea Occhipinti ) and his ramble muscle-bound companion ( Jorge Rivero i.e. Frenchy from Howard Hawks ' Rio Lobo [ @card@ ] !
 ) who , despite be call Mace ( short for Maciste , perhaps ?
 ) , seem to be there simply to drop in on his cavewoman from time to time and get his young protg out of trouble ( particularly during an exceedingly unpleasant attack of the 'boils ' ) .
 unfortunately , even the usual saving grace of such lowbrow material come up short here as ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti 's electronic score seem awfully inappropriate at time .
 Fulci even contrive to give the film a laughably hurried coda with the survive beefy hero go aimlessly out into the wilderness ( after defeat one and all with the aid of the all-important magic bowso much for his own suppose physical strength !
 ) onto his next and thankfully unfilmed adventure !
 Cheezy action movie star Dolph Lungren .
 Lungren be a one time military man who have retreat into a teaching job .
 but the change in the neighborhood and the student body have leave him frustrated and he decide that he ?
 s go to hang it up .
 thing get dicey when while watch over a bunch of student in detention some robber take over the school as a base of operation for an armored car robbery .
 its Dolph versus the baddie in a fight to the death .
 jaw drop throw back to the exploitation film of the late grindhouse era where bad guy dress as punk and some of the bad woman have day glow hair .
 what a stupid movie .
 watchable in a I can ?
 t believe people make this sort of way , this be an action film that be probably doom from the get go before the low budget , fake breakaway set and poor action direction be even a twinkle in a producer eye .
 watch how late in the film as car drive through the school ( don ?
 t ask ) they crash into the security turret ( don ?
 t ask since it look more like a prison then a high school ) and smash its barely construct form apart(it do n't look like it do in early shot ) .
 what have the god of bad movie wrought ?
 actually I ?
 m perplex since this be direct ( ?
 ) by Sydney J Furie , a really good director who make film like the Boys in Company C. have his ability fail him , or be this hopeless from the get go and he do n't even bother ?
 it ?
 s a turkey .
 a watchable one but a turkey none the less .
 this review may contain some spoilers.The remake of the classic @card@ car chase movie Gone in @card@ second begin well .
 actually it be well act and the plot move quite well .
 but even a big Hollywood budget do n't change the fact that the original plot be more believable .
 for those who do n't know , the original plot have the thief work as insurance inspector .
 who would suspect them .
 but even with a change to nearly every aspect of H.B. Halicki 's original , the remake be a very good movie , until we get to the final chase scene , the part of the @card@ version that make it great .
 the one in this version be water down , only @card@ minute , and it culminate in a monster special effect that take all believability out of the chase .
 where the original chase be very believable , the star be a stunt driver who do all his own stunt , the remake fall flat in the last @card@ minute .
 my advice , if you want to watch a classic car chase film , fine the original in the bargain bin at your local rental joint and stay clear of the new remake .
 I will keep this short ; thanks to Greg for help me to put this succinctly : captivity be about a guy who drug a girl 's drink , imprison and torture her , then pose as a captive to have sex with her .
 that be the single twist and punchline of the film .
 it be torture as slow motion date rape .
 and , it be not even a good movie .
 it be not so bad it be good ; it be just bad.It should also be mention that among critic , there be a 'spoiler code ' that they dare not break , even though some be tempt to on this one because it be so vile .
 why No One have the cojones to step up and say , 'this be garbage , and this be why , ' be beyond me.Do n't give your money to these poop-peddlers .
 this movie be once again , one of those movie that someone think or try to make other think that they understand it .
 anyone who try to make any sense of this be a moron !
 my advise would be to take TWO not one but TWO hit of very strong acid and at least you will get a visual thrill out of it !
 !
 although at the end you may kill yourself for waste your acid !
 !
 !
 !
 be that this comment require @card@ line of info , let me write something for those of you that will try to defend the movie .
 Unintelligble .
 Garbage .
 Schitzoid .
 waste of talent .
 movie be ice , with paper on destination with ring cloud , on a sunny dive in the pudding... .
 sound like lion in a red light with see hair .
 now explain that to me !
 !
 !
 !
 Clich-ridden story of an impending divorce - or be it ?
 - through the eye of a @card@ year-old child .
 corny dialogue , cardboard character , stock situation , a red herring zombie sub-plot and , bad of all , absolutely no payoff , either emotionally or dramatically.Does no-one teach creative write any more ?
 the true sign of a weak storyteller - when you can create any kind of satisfying denouement - just end the story .
 I be compel to ask , 'what make you think this be a story worth tell in the first place !
 ?
 'Good , but waste , debut by child actor Anthony De Marco - the rest of the cast be , at good , forgettable .
 and they wonder why no-one watch indie film !
 this be ninety minute of my life I will never get back .
 this be perhaps the creepy display of Santa Claus ever commit to any medium , whether it be a book , a picture , or a movie .
 Santa look like a perv look down on the child and the twisted story of bring Merlin in to help him defeat one of Satan 's minion , Pitch , do n't make thing any well .
 it be laughable to say the least , with bad effect , even for @card@ standard .
 if a kid be to watch this movie , he will have nightmare and never want Santa to visit .
 they will be scar for life .
 imagine the kid be in 'A Christmas Story ' when they start scream after be put on Santa 's lap .
 that be how this would turn out if kid be see this movie .
 sorry , give it a @card@ , which be the rating I give to movie on which I walk out or fall asleep .
 in this case I fall asleep @card@ minute from the end , really , really bore and not care at all about what happen next .
 watch this movie be the big waste of time and @card@ buck for rental in my life .
 if nothing catastrophic happen before I die , this will be the big regret of my life .
 who ever even think about this movie , or finance deserve a kick between the leg , because that be where they be think when they make this movie .
 it be about an overweight guy who be a hopeless romantic , and write pretentious drivel that try to pass off as poetry .
 he join his amorous friend in a trip to the coast .
 where they meet girl and such .
 only the fat guy do n't get a girl .
 skin flick do n't annoy me , I take them for face value .
 but this movie try to be more than a skin flick .
 it be about Fat guy look for love in some girl , but then meet another bikini silicone girl that enjoy his poetry .
 he find his talent for volleyball which get money for his family and impress the lady , only he have his lady anyways .
 the dialogue be super-horrible for even a C movie .
 it support a ton of black stereotype , no character development , it be a glorify porno movie , without any porn in it .
 never ever watch this movie .
 with the massive advertising this be get on Nickelodeon and Nick Jr .
 and that ilk , my son be bug us to see it .
 between DVD and the theater , I have see pretty much everything by now from the outstanding ( Incredibles , Shrek ) to the really bad ( Wall-E , Brother Bear ) .
 but this be easily the bad movie I have ever see , kid or no kid .
 it be a 'when it this stupid thing go to end ?
 ' kind of experience ?
 OK , it be aim at toddler ( or it well be - it be insult to the intelligence of anyone over @card@ ) , but I have never see something so predictable , repetitive , and slow-moving .
 then once you be finally feed up but relieve that the movie be over , there be this bizarre thing at the end that you think be the setup for a joke , but there be n't one - it be serious , though it be hard to tell what they be try to accomplish .
 the 3-D effects.. .
 yeah , if you have never see a Viewmaster they be a big deal , otherwise no ( if you look at the screen without glass , it appear to be the same process ) .
 even my son be bore by the end .
 both my wife and I look at each other and say 'wow ' at the end .
 bad in every respect .
 zombi @card@ start as a group of heavily armed man steal a experimental chemical develop to reanimate the dead , while try to escape the man be shoot at & the metal container hold the chemical be breach .
 the man get some of the green chemical on a wound on his hand which soon after turn him into a flesh eat cannibalistic zombie .
 within hour the surround area be crawl with the flesh easting undead on the look out for fresh victim , Kenny ( Deran Sarafian ) & his army buddy find themselves in big trouble as they stop to help Patricia ( Beatrice Ring ) & her friend Lia ( Deborah Bergammi ) who have be peck by zombie bird ( !
 ) .
 General Morton be in charge of the situation & have to stop the zombie plague from spread throughout the whole world !
 but will he & his man succeed ?
 this Italian produce film be to be direct by Italian zombie gore film auteur Lucio Fulci but the story go he suffer a stroke & therefore could n't finish the film so producer Franco Gaudenzi ask second unit director Bruno Mattei & writer Claudio Fragasso to step in & complete the film .
 apparently Mattei & Fragasso do more than just finish it they actually disregard a lot of the footage Fulci shoot & add a lot of their own & Zombi @card@ end up as nearly a straight @card@ split .
 the script by Fragasso be an absolute mess , none of it be well think out & be just as stupid as it get .
 the scene of zombie bird attack people be not only technically inept but the whole idea be just absurd .
 the zombie themselves have no consistency whatsoever , look at the scene where Patricia be on the bridge & the zombie be slow as they shuffle along but then look at the scene earlier on where she be attack by the zombie with the machete because that one run around like it be on steroid , then for no reasonable explanation about @card@ minute before the film finish the zombie suddenly develop the ability to speak which also look daft .
 there be so many thing wrong with Zombi @card@ , scene after scene of terribly think out & ineptly direct action , awful character be & really dull break English dialogue which do n't make sense half the time .
 then there be the embarrassing scene where the zombie head inside the fridge suddenly develop the ability to fly through the air & bite someones neck , the scene when the guy be in white contamination suit at the end be about to kill Kenny & Roger but instead of use their automatic rifle they decide to try & kill them by hand , even when Kenny pick up a gun himself they still refuse to use their rifle & when Kenny start to shoot them all they still refuse to use their rifle & it be one of the most ineptly handle scene ever put to film & then there be the end where Kenny take off in the helicopter but ca n't rest it down on the ground for literally a few second to pick his buddy up & then a load of zombie suddenly spring up from under some pile of grass , what ?
 since when do zombie hide themselves yet alone under pile of grass ?
 this all may sound 'fun ' but believe me it be not , it be a really bad film that be just boring , repetitive & simply do n't work on any level as a piece of entertainment except for a few unintentional laughs.It be hard to know who be responsible for what exactly but none of the footage be particularly well shoot .
 it have a bland lifeless feel about it & for some reason the maker have try to bath every scene in mist , the problem be they clearly only have one fog machine & you can see that at one corner of the screen the mist be noticeably thick as it be come straight out of the machine & thin out as it disperse across the scene .
 since a lot of it be set during the day it do n't add any sort of atmosphere whatsoever & when they do get it right & the mist be evenly spread across the screen it just look like they shoot the scene on a foggy day !
 the direction be poor with no consistency & it just look & feel bottom of the barrel stuff .
 even the blood & gore be n't up to much , there be a gory hand sever at the start , a scene when something rip out of a pregnant woman 's stomach , a legless woman ( what actually take her leg off in the pool by the way & why do n't it take the leg off the guy who jump in to save her ?
 ) & a few OK look zombie be as gory as it get .
 for anyone hope to see a gore fest the like of which Fulci regularly serve up during the late @card@ be & early @card@ 's will be very disappoint , there be n't any decent feeding scene , no intestine , no stand out 'head shot ' & very little gore at all.Technically the film be poor , the special effect be cheap look , the cinematography be dull , the music be terrible , the location be bland & it have rock bottom production value .
 this be actually shoot in the Philippine to keep the cost down to a minimum .
 the entire film be obviously dub , the acting still look awful though & the English version seem to have be write by someone who do n't understand the language that well.Zombi @card@ be not a sequel to Fulci 's classic zombie gore fest Zombi @card@ ( @card@ ) , it have nothing to do with it at all apart from the cash-in title .
 I be sorry but Zombi @card@ be an amateurish mess of a film , it be boring , it make no sense , it be not funny enough to be entertaining & it lack any decent gore .
 one to avoid .
 Im watch it now on pink ( Serbia TV station ) and I must say this be a crap .
 Shallow , no acting , effect too sloppy I mean , who make this series ?
 this be a stupid attempt of the Studios to make some more money on the success of the film .
 OK .
 the film be great in @card@ when it come out .
 but the series ?
 some time you can see how idiotic the line be in the speech of the character .
 I mean , do they actually pay someone to write that , be that someones relative at the Studio ?
 this be no SciFi.The film be the bomb , the series suck .
 I be really look forward to see this film , but after watch it I be really disappoint .
 the good bit be when Stephen King be in it .
 Rober John Berk can act to save his life and neither can any of the other .
 a few of the performance even make me laugh out loud !
 the film be be not as I imagine it , after read the book which be awesome , I imagine it dark and a lot scary .
 if i be Stephen , I would be really mad !
 I do n't know why they change the ending , I think the ending of the book be very good .
 if you just find out the pie kill your daughter , you would n't feed it to anyone else would you ?
 !
 book be so much well !
 do they use their entire budget pay the porno star or what ?
 !
 ?
 sound effect , background music and the edit in general be so bad you will think some 12-year-old wanna-be make the film.Most of the act be good consider the script.. .
 the 'innocent virgin ' play her part really well.The mutant look really cool and this actually could have be a really cool flick with the right brain behind the wheel.. .
 but , unfortunately for all involved , that be not the case.Turn leave be make well than this movie and those guy do n't even have any money !
 !
 !
 good thing I do n't rent the movie myself !
 Steven Seagal , Mr .
 personality himself , this time be the United States ' great Stealth pilot who be promise a pardon from the military(..who attempt to swipe his memory at the beginning of the movie for which he escape base , later catch after interrupt a gang of robber in a shootout at a gas station)if he be able to successfully infiltrate a Northern Afghanistan terrorist base operate by a group call Black Sunday , who have commandeer an Air Force stealth fighter thanks to an American traitor .
 along with a fellow pilot who admire the traitor , Jannick(Mark Bazeley ) , John Sands(Seagal)will fly into enemy territory , receive help from his Arab lover , Jessica(Ciera Payton)and a freedom fighter , Rojar(Alki David ) once they be on ground .
 Jannick be kidnap by Black Sunday leader , Stone(Vincenzo Nicoli)and his female enforcer , Eliana(Katie Jones ) , and Sands must figure out how to not only re-take command of the kidnap stealth fighter , but rescue him as well .
 and , maybe , Sands can get revenge on the traitor he train , Rather(Steve Toussaint)in the process .
 Sands have @card@ hour until a General 's Navy pilot bomb the entire area .
 on board the stealth , Black Sunday equip a biochemical bomb , hope to detonate it on the United States.Seagal get a chance to shoot Afghan when he be n't slice their throat with knife .
 the film be mostly machine gun fire and body drop dead .
 the setting of Afghanistan do n't hold up to scrutiny(..nor do how easily Seagal and Co .
 be able to move about the area undetected so easily ) and the plot itself be nothing to write home about .
 the movie be edit fast , the camera a bit too jerky .
 Seagal be n't as active a hero as he once be and his action scene be tightly edit where we have a hard time see him take out his foe , unlike the good old day .
 one of Seagal 's poor effort , and he be as understate as ever(..not a compliment ) .
 even more disappointing be the fact that Seagal never fight in hand to hand combat with the film 's chief villain , ti a shame .
 he do n't even snap a wrist or crack a neck in any visible way(..sure we see a slight resemblance of some tool get toss around , but it be not as clear a picture as I enjoy because the filmmaker have such fast edit and dizzying close-up ) .
 when his in-law be viciously murder by a gang of thug , a young deputy be order to escort his mute friend , force to take the rap by the gang , to Tucson for trial and end up have to face the real killer along the way.The Decoy be a real-life decoy send to video store to lure you away from good film !
 it be talky , illogical , slow , and ultimately very boring.There be some good costume , set , and photography but nothing else be good about this vanity project from writer/director/producer/star Justin Kreinbrink , who apparently have too much money on his hands.They use to make western like this , that be under an hour long .
 trim this of about half it be length and you might have something watchable .
 do NOT WATCH This Movie if you love the CLASSICS Such AS Tom WOPAT , John Schneider , Catherine Bach , Sorrell BOOKE , James BEST , Denver Pyle , Sonny Shroyer , and ben Jones !
 this Movie Will DISSAPPOINT you BADLY !
 first of all , this movie start out with Bo and Luke run moonshine for Jesse .
 Bo and Luke would not do that ever on the real series !
 this movie portray unimaginable character do thing that never would have happen in the series .
 in the series , Uncle Jesse be honest , and law-abiding .
 in this movie , he be a criminal who be make moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of Georgia .
 plus , if this be an extension add on to the Dukes of Hazzard Reunion !
 and the Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood , I have one question : how COULD Uncle Jesse Be MAKING MOONSHINE when He DIED BEFORE THE Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood Movie ?
 and How be Boss HOGG ALIVE when He DIED BEFORE THE Reunion Movie in @card@ !
 movie and Rosco Ran Hazzard ?
 it SEEMS MAGICAL THAT THESE CHARACTERS CAME Back To Life , when THEY Have Been Dead for @card@ and @card@ year ?
 if Hollywood really want to make a good movie , they should have bring back James Best , John Schneider , Tom Wopat , Ben Jones , and Catherine Bach like they do in @card@ and @card@ and make a family friendly movie with the live original character that make the show what it be and still be compare to this disgusting , disgrace movie !
 if you want to see good Dukes movie , either buy the original series , or go out to walmart.com and buy the DVD set of @card@ that include the Reunion , and Dukes of Hazzard in Hollywood movie !
 they both star the original cast , and be family friendly !
 do n't waste your time on a movie that be n't worth the CD it be write on !
 work at a video store I get to see quite a few movie and on occasion I try to watch some of the not so big movie .
 proud happen to be one of them .
 the initial idea of tell of the story of a primarily black crew ship during WWII have some merit .
 however in less than @card@ minute of watch the movie you find out that the primary point of the movie be to tell about racial tension in WWII .
 the underlie story be about the ship , the crew and their exploit in the war .
 this primary point be hammer at you to the point of excessiveness all throughout the movie .
 I commend the man that serve on the USS Mason for their triumph in the face of adversity and for the hardship that they endure .
 a movie should have be make focus on the accomplishment these man do for themselves , the Navy and for their country and not make a movie whose focus be racism during WWII .
 I see this movie in my international cinema class and be gross out from get go .
 this movie be nothing but one scene of blatant shock value after the next.The 4th man be about an alcoholic writer name Reve , who have vision of his in-pending danger .
 he meet up with a woman name Christine when give a lecture at a local book club , and only decide to stay with her when he discover how attractive her boyfriend be .
 to put it plain , Reve like the Dutch sausage .
 so Reve concoct a plan to seduce Christine 's boyfriend so he can ultimately have sex with him .
 but its later discover that Christine have have @card@ previous husband , who she all murder .
 now Reve and Christine 's boyfriend could be 'THE 4th man .
 ' the storyline make sense with no plot hole .
 the edit and everything else that be technical about this movie be perfectly fine .
 the movie be just gross and I feel the need to vomit in some part .
 basically , this be n't my cup of tea.The movie open with Reve get out of bed in Just a T-shirt .
 so in the very beginning , you get to see Reve 's lovely pecker flop around as he walk around his cramped apartment in a hangover state .
 later on he have a dream where his pecker get cut off by a pair of scissors , and they do show it along with the blood fountain that ensue .
 Reve fondle a statue of Jesus and have homosexual sex in a mausoleum .
 plus there be a lot of blood .
 more blood than all the Freddy Krueger movie combined.Not that I have anything against 'shocking ' scene , but this movie be just so blatant when it come to shock .
 the whole movie be revolve around the shock value.So if any of this be your cup of tea , watch this movie .
 otherwise , stay far far far far far away from this one .
 my mind be still scar .
 I just see the third week of Stephen Kings ' Nightmares and Dreamscapes mini series ; mean , I see @card@ episode so far .
 I have to say that the story be really weak .
 I have read Stephen King 's Skeleton Crew , a collection of his short story that be publish way back .
 I recall most of the story be average to poor but there be one that be really excellent , if not outstanding.What I be try to say be that just because this mini series be from a collection of story from Stephen King do not mean that it will be any good .
 in fact , if his previous collection of short story be of any indication , then most of this mini series will be average to poor.In Stephen King 's defense , I have not read these new short story .
 perhaps they be good as story in a book and not readily adaptable to television , or perhaps it be the fault of the scriptwriter in try to write an interesting script .
 who know .
 also , these short story may have be make exclusively for this mini series and not not for print purpose .
 maybe that may have be the problem .
 if Stephen King have submit these crap story to an editor , I be sure the editor would have immediately tell him to make it more interesting because as be , it be simply boring.What be clear from all of this be that the problem be with the stories/script and not the actor and actress because this mini series have some excellent people act on it.Seeing this mini series really make me appreciate those old 'Twilight Zone ' series .
 each series be only half an hour but it be compelling and riveting .
 I do n't understand why this mini series could not accomplish similar feat .
 I be sure this mini series have a good deal of money to make a good mini series but unfortunately , something must not have clicked.For instance , this week there be two episode show .
 the first involve a horror story writer who buy a picture draw by an artist who commit suicide .
 the writer begin to see change in the picture as he be drive homeward .
 feel uncomfortable , he throw away the painting but it keep appear near him .
 also , the portrait of an individual in that picture be kill people and be out to kill him .
 ( I will not even mention the second episode for this week involve criminal and their loot because it be even more boring than this episode !
 )This premise be interesting and so the story should be good but after see it , I be frustrate because there be too many gap in the story as well as extraneous material that be show that do nothing to help the story .
 after the last scene , I be leave with more question than answers.I try for @card@ week to get into this mini series but it be just too aggravate due to poor stories/script .
 if this be a movie , I would have recommend that people should wait for the movie to come out on cable or such .
 I would not even recommend that it be rent in your video store .
 however , give that this be on TNT , a cable channel , I would say if you have not see it already , then try it for one week .
 if you do not like it that week , then you will not like the past series nor the future one , since they all share the same boring trait .
 the only thing that surprise me more than the number of people who like this movie be that it be direct by Clint Eastwood , whose work I admire immensely .
 the lead have absolutely no chemistry .
 not for a second could I believe that there be anything deep than lust between them .
 the story just do n't ring true .
 add to that stilted conversation , ton of stereotype , and an incredibly slow plot that basically lead nowhere , and you have get yourself a real stinker .
 Kay Lenz 's nude scene might be worthwhile for those seek some salacious fare , but otherwise this be a colossal waste of time .
 my thought as I watch the movie be that itwould have be well title 'Cheesy .
 ' I read the run man from Kings book as Bachman and I feel for the main character John and his family .
 this movie could have be SO much more .
 the trouble ?
 it be set during the big action movie craze .
 I watch the movie and be in pain during the whole thing .
 I feel nothing for the character and less for his cause .
 yes it have funny scene ( or laughable ) though I think that it do not save the movie in my eye .
 if you read the book you can feel the climax and the fire in the heart of John as he get his final revenge.I give this movie a low number .
 it may not have be this low if I have not read the book .
 this film concern a very young girl , Cassie , ( Melissa Sagemiller ) who leave her family and head off to become a college freshman .
 one night Cassie and her friend decide to go to a wild party with plenty of drink and dance and Cassie be ride with her boyfriend who she like but never tell him she love him .
 as Cassie be drive , a car be stop in the middle of the road and she be unable to avoid an accident and as a result there be a bloody loss of life along with her boyfriend .
 Cassie become very emotionally upset and have nightmare which cause her to have hallucination about her boyfriend come back to life and encounter man try to murder her and she be struggle to find out who her real friend be , who want her dead and will she survive this entire horror ordeal .
 Cassie dream she be be make love to by her boyfriend after he die and find another guy in her bed and be tell she be ask him to make love .
 this be a way out film , and not very good at all .
 an old intellectual talk about what he consider art in movie .
 you get your Hitchcock , your Chaplin , your Bergman and some other stuff prior to the 80ies .
 to disguise that he have no clue what be go on in cinema these day , he throw in the Matrix.But it be not only the same lame film-as-art speech all over again .
 this speech be reduce to outdated psychological platitude : it-ego-super ego , anal phase , sexual insufficiency.It be garnish with the cheesy effect of have Zizte edit into the movie he be take about .
 for someone who be suppose to know much about movie , his own be , cinematographicly speak : yeiks.To put it in Zizek 's own word - I see 5\-\ !
 @card@ on the screen , last night , or in the word of a great movie maker:Mr .
 ( Zizek ) , what you have just say be one of the most insanely idiotic thing I have ever hear .
 at no point in your ramble , incoherent response be you even close to anything that could be consider a rational thought .
 everyone in this room be now dumb for have listen to it .
 I award you ( two ) point ( only ) , and may God have mercy on your soul .
 this film be basically Velvet Goldmine if the writer of party of five get a hold of it and make it a t.v. movie .
 the film lack what Velvet Goldmine have which be good act , write , and basically everything else .
 the film have some of the bad writing I have see since Wild Wild West .
 it definitely need to be interesting .
 I know vh @card@ have become a household name for their behind the music show .
 which be a lot good than all this which would have work if it be a behind the music episode but do n't and feel flat on it 's face .
 a handful of critic have award this film with positive comment .
 I do n't wish to argue with their opinion , but I strongly disagree .
 when I first watch this film I be mildly impress .
 but after compare it with other film , particularly with the late master , Bruce Lee I quickly change my mind .
 in fact , if it be n't for the title of the film , I would never have buy it .
 game of Death @card@ do n't relate to the original game of Death , ( except it share one character , Billy Lo.)I be stun to see how similar game of Death @card@ be compare to Enter the Dragon .
 the plot have striking similarity : both Bruce Lee and Bobby Lo be on a mission to avenge a relative .
 the two location be similar , in which they both be very isolate and be surround by thousand of Blackbelts .
 there be an element of prostitution in both film ( woman be send two the guest room in both film .
 ) both Han ( Enter the Dragon ) and Lewis 's henchman have a hand miss .
 their be an underground drug operation in Enter the Dragon , believe it or not , there be one in Game of Death @ord@ Han have a pet cat in Enter the Dragon , the director have use his imagination and award Lewis with a pet monkey !
 the list continues.Regarding other aspect of the film , such as the script and the acting , I feel it be very poor .
 it seem to me that the director be look for a group of martial artist to star in the film and pray they could act.On a positive scale , I can deny that the choreography be impressive .
 although the fight sequence have strong element of acrobatics in them , they be none the less skillfully perform .
 however , as the plot be insufficient , i could n't relate to the character , therefore the fight sequence be more exhibition rather than have a meaning to the film.In conclusion I would say this film be recommendable to any martial-art fan , but for those who enjoy a solid action film , with a good storyline and strong character , I seriously would n't recommend this film .
 my opinion towards this film may seem very bias and one-sided , but when Bruce Lee set a new standard in the martial art cinema , particularly after his masterpiece : enter the Dragon , this film fail to rise to these standard .
 if anything they imitate a truly brilliant martial-art film , in hope of achieve the same level of fame.In reference to my evaluation , award this film a very harsh @card@ out of @card@ , the film be barley watchable , and must be thankful that it have the fight sequence it do .
 let me begin by say I be a big fantasy fan .
 however , this film be not for me .
 many far-fetched argument be try to support this film 's claim that dragon possibly ever exist .
 the film mention connection in different story from different country , but fail to investigate them more thoroughly , which could have give the film some credibility .
 the film use ( nice !
 ) CGI to tell us a narrate fantasy story on a young dragon 's life .
 this be combine with popular-TV-show-CSI-style flash-forwards to make it look like something scientific , which it be definitely not .
 in many case the arguments/clues be far-fetched .
 in some case , clue use to show dragon possibly exist , or fly , or spit fire be simply invalid .
 to see this just make me get cramp in my toe .
 even a fantasy film need some degree of reality in it , but this one just do n't have it .
 bottom line : it be a pretentious fantasy-CSI documentary , not worth watching .
 Yep , the topic be a straight quote from the movie and I think it be pretty accurate .
 I be so bore to dead with this pointless effort .
 all the flash etc .
 make no sense after first @card@ minute be just bad film making + if you be epileptic , you would have die at least five time already .
 of course all the David Lynch fan would raise a flag for this kind of turkey to be 'the good film ever make ' because it do n't make any sense and when it do n't make any sense it be get to be art , and art movie be always good .
 right ?
 I say WRONG .
 this kind of artificial art grab be just a pathetic way to try to show that you be a good film maker .
 Anthony Hopkins as a excellent actor should just stay act .
 after watch about half of this movie I notice something peculiar ... I find myself constantly switch through tv-channels to see what else be on - not exactly a good movie trait.This movie be list as be in a number of genre , and I must say it mostly fail misserably in every one of them .
 @card@ % through the movie I switch over to watch an old rerun instead .
 bottom line - the whole movie feel as if the one make it do n't exactly know what to make and end up in a concoction with no discernable taste .
 please note that I have n't see the film since I discover it in @card@ , and my town be small and do n't carry it .
 however , I really want to say something about it .
 I be actually do research for university on the title character Richard Maurice Bucke and would like to point out that the person they base the main character on be in reality completely different !
 !
 !
 Hollywood 's idea of people and artistic license grant , the real Dr .
 Bucke totally endorse hysterectomy to cure insanity in woman , and would never have practice anything as liberal as represent in the film .
 I think it be laughable to see various film critic who write for legitimate newspaper who say this film have some historical basis !
 the only actual fact I can see be the friendship between Dr .
 Bucke and Walt Whitman .
 please do n't waste your time on a film with such a disregard to the horror that real woman experience at the hand of this doctor who have now be glorify by the film industry .
 I rarely comment on film but I have read the other comment and I can believe that there be people applaud this celluloid rubbish .
 I know there be certain people who have their own agenda but let take it on merit ; poorly act , badly shoot and the story feel as the director be make it up as he be go along .
 I be not go to focus on the sexual aspect of the film involve little kid as the maker of the film obviously know what they want and what their audience would want .
 all I can say be it be a terrible film , the content be poor and offensive , the production be amateurish and I be glad they could not make a film like this legally today I always feel that a good film should have a plot .
 this particular film be miss one , and I feel that it would have be more effective with a plot .
 this be make even bad by the fact that it seem to go on forever ; I be anxious for it to finally end .
 however , I just notice that it be only @card@ minute long ; it feel like four hour .
 not only be there no plot but the film also lack a notable conflict .
 it be not the bad movie I have see , but I use to say that it be until I see 'The Fast and the Furious ' .
 so , do n't think this review of mine be from someone who need nothing but action .
 I actually hate most action film out today ; it be just that this film be all the way on the other side of the spectrum .
 not much really happen in this movie .
 however , the scenery and costume be nice .
 after peruse the large amount of comment on this movie it be clear that there be two kind of science fiction movie-goers .
 there be the one who be well read , extremely literate , and intelligent .
 they know the history of the genre and more importantly they know to what height it can reach in the hand of a gifted author .
 for many year science fiction languish in the basement of literature .
 consider my most critic to be little more than story of ray gun and alien mean for pre-pubescent teenager .
 today be well read fan know well this history , and know the great author Asimov , Heinlein , Bradbury , and Ellison , who help bring science fiction out of that basement .
 in do so they create think provoking , intelligent story that stretch the boundary and redefin the human condition .
 this well inform fan be critical of anything Hollywood throw at them .
 they be not critical for it 's own sake , but look upon each offering with a skeptical eye .
 ( as they should as Hollywood 's record have be less than stellar .
 ) to these fan the story must take supreme importance .
 they can be fool by flashy computer graphics , and non stop action sequence .
 when the emperor have no clothes they scream it the loudest.The second type of science fiction movie goer have little knowledge about the written aspect of the genre .
 ( look at many of the above comment that state 'Well I have n't read the book or anything by this author.. .
 ) their total exposure to science fiction be from movie or the Scifi channel .
 they be extremely uncritical , willing to overlook huge plot hole , weak premise , and thin story line if they be give a healthy dose of wiz bang action and awesome special effect .
 they be , in effect , willing to turn off their critical thinking skill ( or maybe they never have them !
 ) for the duration of the movie .
 case in point , I Robot .
 while supposedly base on Asimov 's short story and name after one of his novel , it contain little of what Asimov write and even less of what he try to tell us about humanity and our robotic creation .
 ( those of you that will run out and buy I , Robot will be very much surprised-this movie be n't even base on that story at all !
 )The film have enormous plot hole , that at some point be stretch to the limit of credulity .
 I wo n't point them out .
 I wo n't spoon feed you .
 you need to practice you think skill and discover them for yourself .
 the character , which be name after many of Asimov 's character , do not possess the critical intelligence that be a hallmark of his story .
 the plot itself with all it be action sequence go against everything that the author stand for .
 his belief that humanity possess the capacity to solve problem use their mind , not their fist , be vital to understand his vision of the future .
 in short , other than the name , their be very little of Isaac in anything about this movie .
 there will always be those uncritical ( i.e. unthinking ) who will state : 'The movie do n't have to be like the book .
 due to the medium , movie sometimes require that change be make .
 ' but what about a case where the movie never even try to stay close to the book ( or book ) from the start ?
 what if all they take from the written work be the title ?
 this beg the question : why tarnish a great body of work by slap it 's title on your vacuous piece of crap ?
 save money and do n't buy the right to the work .
 title it something else .
 do n't use the character 's name .
 believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism .
 in fact it wo n't matter what you title it to the unread moviegoer who accept everything you throw at him .
 but it will upset those who read , who think , who be unwilling to simply let you give them a pretty light show.I , Robot , like much of Hollywood 's take on the genre , push Science fiction back down into that basement it live in year ago .
 Hollywood could not do this alone .
 it take an uncritical mindless audience that will accept puerile dredge like this .
 **Possible Spoilers Ahead**Jason ( a.k.a. Herb ) Evers be a brilliant brain surgeon who , along with wife Virginia Leith , be involve in the most lackluster onscreen car crash ever .
 Leith be decapitate and the doctor take her sever noggin back to his mansion and rejuvenate the head in his lab .
 the mansion 's exterior be allegedly film at Tarrytown 's Lyndhurst estate ; the lab scene be apparently shoot in somebody 's basement .
 the bandage head be keep alive on 'lab equipment ' that be almost cheap-looking enough for Ed Wood .
 some of the library musicthe movie 's high pointlater turn up in Andy Milligan 's THE Body BENEATH .
 Leith 's head have some heavy metaphysical discourse with another of ever have misfire , a mutant chain in the closet .
 meanwhile , the good doc prowl strip joint look for a body worthy of his wife 's gabby noodle .
 the ending , in uncut print , feature some ahead-of-its-time splatter and dismemberment when the zucchini-headed monster come out of the closet to bring the movie to a welcome close .
 this thing take three year to be release and then , audience give it the bad reception it richly deserve .
 between this , Plan @card@ From Outer Space and a few other , @card@ should have be declare the year of the Turkey .
 avoid this one , unless you want to watch an expensive but badly make movie .
 example ?
 the sound be good but the dialogue be not clear - a cardinal sin in a French film.This film attempt to combine western , drug intrigue and ancien regime costume epic .
 what ?
 well , consider this .
 the cowboy music be hilarious during sword fight .
 or how about the woman in her underwear , hold a knife and jump up and down on the bed ?
 someone should do a 'What 's Up Tiger Lily ' on this bomb .
 rewrite the script and then either dub or subtitle it .
 heck , it be almost that now .
 ( BTW , Gerard Depardieu and Carole Bouquet , both know to American audience , have role .
 ) yet another die hard straight to video rip off with cardboard villain how many more of these god awful cheaply ( and badly ) make rip off of the more popular action movie of the late @card@ be and early @card@ 's be there still lurk out there ?
 for the record ( not that you will care really ) this one be yet another blatant rip off of a combination of die hard , under Siege and Speed @card@ complete with a full complement of clichs and predictability.The non descript villain be the usual selection of cardboard cut out gun tote thug who be dispatch by various mean as the film progress , the hero naturally be an ex cop or something that have family and attitude problem and of course he bring along to the party not only the usual emotional baggage but also a match piece of eye candy and his annoy son.The suppose luxury cruise liner that be run between Florida and Mexico be carefully describe as a cross between a liner and a ferry this go someway to explain how come they appear to be lark around on a rusty cross channel ferry in New Zealand !
 the acting be as wooden as the deck , the script woeful , the one liner predictable , the villain utterly inept and the plot have hole in it you could sail a boat through.There seem to be a never end tide of this sort of rip off straight to video rubbish pollute the late night slot of television and the DVD bargain bin of supermarket everywhere ( although even this film be so bad it have yet to see a DVD release yet but give it time !
 ) be there any chance of something at least half decently make , semi believable and most important ORIGINAL ?
 !
 ?
 no , I think not. .
 this film have its share of negative comment and I have to agree with those who consider it one of the bad movie ever make .
 true , most of the film base on the work of King be pretty bad , but this one go beyond bad into the realm of horrible .
 there be not one scary moment in it unless you consider stupidity scary .
 it be typical King garbage -- myth twist around that make no sense in the first place , mix with obvious and belabor so-called 'scares ' that be about as shocking as PeeWee 's playhouse ( which , at least , be entertain ) .
 it be full of ridiculous moment , not the least of which be Alice Krige 's character .
 when she go on a rampage and start quip like the villain in an old Batman TV show , it be so absurd as to be sickening .
 all the people who have cameo in this ( include John Landis)are lucky they still have career .
 but the most absurd part have to be the cat costume towards the end , which look like cheap rubber outfits someone buy at K-mart .
 the good part of the movie be the appearance of some real cat who actually out-act the people in the movie .
 this film have so much promise .
 I be very excite about this film .
 in the end , it be laughable at good , painful at bad .
 the acting style run the gamut from really , really , flat ( the angel , the wife and daughter ) to over-animated ( Casper 's character ) .
 I feel that the dialogue be just an attempt to transfer information to the audience instead of real people try to talk to each other .
 pay special attention to the scene regard 'the bug ' .
 it be pretty much an insult to the audience 's ability to figure thing out .
 in defense of that scene , though , it get the big laugh of the whole movie .
 I have read that they spend alot of money travel to various overseas location .
 too bad they do n't make use of it .
 I do n't feel like I be transport to exotic location .
 anybody could insert stock footage of the coliseum in Rome .
 however , to end on a positive note , I think the set be pretty good .
 I really like the graphics that be display on the decode computer .
 it be my opinion(and that be all it be ) that if the Schmaltz factor would have be much much low and the Action factor would have be greatly increase , this film would have be good .
 seriously , I absolutely love these old movie and their simplicity but I just watch this for the first time last night and it easily slot itself into my bottom five of all time .
 be this suppose to be about the love story or the zombie ?
 ?
 ?
 this movie be so bad that after it mercifully end all I could do be laugh at how ridiculously bad it really be .
 thankfully I be too anal to turn a movie off without see the entire thing or I would n't be able to brag about watch this all the way through in one sitting !
 I like to think something positive can be say about anything in life so in keep with that theory I will acknowledge this film 's most positive asset , it be very short for a full length film .
 first of all , I firmly believe that Norwegian movie be continually get well .
 from the tedious emotional film of the @card@ 's and @card@ 's , movie from this place actually start to contain a bit of humour .
 Imagine. .
 actual comedy be make !
 movie be actually start to get entertaining and funny , as oppose to long , dark , depress and boring.During the @card@ be and @card@ be several really great movie be make by a 'new generation ' of filmmaker .
 movie after movie be praise by critic and play load of money .
 it become the norm !
 then come United...*MINOR SPOILERS* it be just simply not funny .
 not once .
 not ever .
 but the thing is.. .
 we Think its funny .
 because we be use to Norwegian movie to be funny .
 especially with a cast like this with a few really funny comedian .
 But. .
 they neither say nor do anything funny !
 where be the humor ?
 show me the humor !
 be it the awkward clerk play by Harald Eia ?
 be it the overact totally ridiculously unrealistic football coach ?
 be it the commentary by Arne Scheie ?
 the movie be just not funny !
 but thats not my main rant about United .
 that namely be the predictability .
 ( and it be here I fear that Norwegian comedy have come to a standstill since I have see this in many other movie as well .
 ) all the time you just know its go to end well .
 all character be exactly as they be present in the start of the movie , and everybody get exactly what they deserve in the end .
 there be absolutely no room for surprise at all !
 all in all I can say that I sit with a bad feeling after see this movie .
 it be the one movie that make me realize that we probably need some new blood in Norwegian movie making.. .
 again !
 rating : @card@ R O B O T J O X.Burn the master.Grotesquely horrible.No end ; no closure.Completely and utterly the bad movie ever made.Replaces 'The adventure of Pluto Nash ' as the bad movie of all time.I hate this utterly unacted , unedited , unscripted , undirected , unproduced mess of a thing call 'Robot Jox ' - and I just find out - THEY Made A Second One !
 ?
 !
 ?
 I apologize to Adma Sandler ( Zohar the Beauticin ) and Eddie Murphy ( Pluto Nash ) for hate their movie .
 this mess of a thing make those movie only bad - not terrible horrible and grotesque like this thing .
 this be the only movie for which I have ever say this - remove it From NETFLIX - now !
 !
 !
 @card@ out of @card@ people find this comment helpful .
 it be a piece of CRAP !
 not funny at all .
 during the whole movie nothing ever happen .
 i almost fall asleep , which in my case happen only if a movie be rally bad .
 ( that be why it do n't get @card@ ( awful ) out of @card@ but 2).do n't be fool , like i be , by first review .
 a waste of money and your time !
 spend it on other stuff .
 at this point i be finish with my review but i have to fill in at least ten line of text so i will go on... .
 ( ctrl+c , ctrl+v ) : ) ) ) it be a piece of CRAP !
 not funny at all .
 during the whole movie nothing ever happen .
 i almost fall asleep , which in my case happen only if a movie be rally bad .
 ( that be why it do n't get @card@ ( awful ) out of @card@ but 2).do n't be fool , like i be , by first review .
 a waste of money and your time !
 spend it on other stuff .
 it be a piece of CRAP !
 not funny at all .
 during the whole movie nothing ever happen .
 i almost fall asleep , which in my case happen only if a movie be rally bad .
 ( that be why it do n't get @card@ ( awful ) out of @card@ but 2).do n't be fool , like i be , by first review .
 a waste of money and your time !
 spend it on other stuff .
 the Invisible Maniac start as a young Kevin Dornwinkle ( Kris Russell ) be catch by his strict mother ( Marilyn Adams ) watch a girl ( Tracy Walker ) strip through his telescope.. .
 cut to 'Twenty Years Later ' & Kevin Dornwinkle ( Noel Peters ) be now a physics professor who claim to have discover a way to turn thing invisible use a 'mollecular reconstruction ' serum .
 however during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientist it fail & they all laugh at him , Dornwinkle go mad kill a few of them & be lock away in a mental institute from which he escape .
 jump forward 'Two Weeks Later ' & a group of summer college student discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when the headmistress Mrs .
 Cello ( Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack ) say that she have hire a replacement , yes you have guess it it be Dornwinkle .
 the student do n't take to him & treat him like dirt , however Dornwinkle have perfect his invisibility serum & use it to satisfy his perverted sexual urge & his desire for revenge...Co-written & direct by Adam Rifkin wisely hide under the pseudonym Rif Coogan ( I would n't want my name to be associate with this turd of a film either ) the Invisible Maniac be real bottom of the barrel stuff .
 the script by Rifkin , sorry Coogan & Tony Markes be awful .
 it try to be a teenage sex/comedy/horror hybrid that just fail in every department .
 for a start the sex be nothing more than a few female shower scene & a few boob shot , not much else I be afraid & the bird in the Invisible Maniac be n't even that good look .
 the comedy be lame & every joke miss by the proverbial mile , this be the kind of film that think someone fight an invisible man or have Henry ( Jason Logan ) a mute man try to make a phone call be funny .
 the Invisible Maniac make the Police Academy ( @card@ - @card@ ) series of film look like the pinnacle of sophistication !
 as for the horror aspect that too be lame .
 it be also an incredibly slow ( it take over half an hour before Dornwinkles even become invisible ) , dull , predictable , boring & have highly annoy & unlikable teenage character's.Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever do absolutely nothing to try & make the Invisible Maniac an even slightly enjoyable experience .
 there be no scare , tension or atmosphere & as a whole the film be a real chore to sit through .
 he do nothing with the invisibility angle , just a few door open on their own be as adventurous as it get .
 there be very little gore or violence , a bit of splash blood , a few strangulation & the only decent bit in the whole film when someone have their head blow off with a shotgun , unfortunately he be invisible at the time & we only get to see the headless torso afterwards.The budget must have be low , & I mean really low because this be one seriously cheap look film .
 Dornwinkles laboratory be basically two jar on his bedside cabinet !
 when he escape from the mental institution he have all of one dog send after him & the entire school have about a dozen pupil & two teacher .
 the Invisible Maniac be a poorly make film throughout it be @card@ minute duration , I spot the boom mike on at least one occasion.. .
 let just say the acting be of a low standard & leave it at that.The Invisible Maniac be crap , plain & simple .
 I find no redeeming feature in it at all , there be so many more well film out there you can watch so there be no reason whatsoever to waste your time on this rubbish .
 definitely one to avoid .
 what a poor image of Professional Police Officers be display on the television in the watching of this alleged reality show .
 one can only hope that the actual reasonable suspicion that lead to probable cause that lead to the totality of the circumstance involve to make a 'stop ' , then the 'Pat down ' of the outside of one 's garment , then to be able to articulate why the officer go into someone 's pocket and retrieve contraband , be cut out of the scene , because if it be n't , the arrest in most place be go to be toss , should they even get pass a supervisor .
 a report of a warrant over the radio do not constitute the actual existence of the warrant unless the person dispatch have the original warrant in hand .
 if the dispatcher be read from a computer printout , it be good enough for an arrest , but it do not necessarily mean the warrant be still in effect .
 since I have n't see a Dis-claimer from CBS ( I may have miss it ) , CBS could be in trouble .
 beautiful attract excellent idea , but ruin with a bad selection of the actor .
 the main character be a loser and his woman friend and his friend upset viewer .
 apart from the first episode all the other become more boring and boring .
 first , it consider it illogical behavior .
 no one normal would not behave the way the main character behave .
 it all represent a typical Halmark way to endear viewer to the reduce amount of intelligence .
 do such a scenario , or the cast director and destroy this question be on Halmark producer .
 Cat be the main character be wonderful .
 the main character behave accord to his friend selfish .
 Shecky , be a god damn legend , make no mistake .
 until recently I work for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain , run their testing department .
 we would go through many new starter , they would be expect to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that return as non functional in one way or another from the store .
 now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff member , we would issue them with a copy of go Overboard .
 we have hundred of copy of this film because whenever someone who have buy a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that have this film as a free gift , get round to send their DVD player back , they never fail to send Shecky back also .
 our new staff would be force to use only go Overboard to test these machine for fault until they have find a disc or two of their own to test with.Now , as to why this film be so bad , where do I begin ?
 Adam Sandler , who can be so , so very funny , as in Happy Gilmore , or the Wedding Singer , must have be have one hell of an off day .
 the rest of the crew stink , and what be it with Billy Zane ?
 his name crop up in several of the bad movie of all time , and he be a decent actor .
 crazy .
 the production quality be absolute zero.I would have be incline to give this a zero if I could , because they do n't even have the gut to call it by it 's full name 'The unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz ' on release .
 even so it be worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler have come , and just how low he can go .
 be I wrong,or be the @card@ version just a rip-off of the original ?
 I have to ask because the DVD I just buy be one of the bad film I have ever seen.....bad acting,bad edit etc....the only 'exploitation ' aspect here be how we be rip off for our money buy this piece of crap .
 it be nothing more than a light-weight porn flick...no real gore , no scary image , just a cheaply do bit of garbage .
 if anyone want to see an excellent film with no name actors,some slimy gore and a decent storyline...get Baby Blood...also do on a cheap budget but well made...and an actual story too !
 I Spit be a waste of money but I will keep it just for a laugh....it be pathetic !
 new comment....Sept 3.....I will keep this film forever just because it it SOOOOO bad it be almost good....in a really bad way....the bad acting ever...a real crap-movie classic !
 even 20+ year later , Ninja Mission stand out as the bad movie I ever manage to sit through .
 Scandanavian ninjas silently enter a scene , fire their obnoxiously noisy sub-machine gun with wild abandon , and then silently leave .
 wow , how will we find those silent invisible assassin ?
 just follow the shell casing and smoke !
 painfully bad dialog ( or be it brilliant and just poorly translate ?
 ) , not an Asian in sight in the cast , and a whopping total of @card@ Asian among the stunt crew .
 the plot be ridiculous , the act pretty much non-existent - then again , Ninja ca n't act !
 save yourselves - avoid watch at all cost !
 all these reviewer be spot on .
 I have see many bad film over the year , believe me , and this beat the lot !
 this be not just a 'so bad it be good ' exploiter waste of time , but a genuine , hilarious , movie atrocity.CHECK out the white furry monster type thing !
 wet YOURSELF LAUGHING at Thom Christopher 's 'spell-weaving ' act !
 gape in SHEER A**E-CLENCHING DISBELIEF !
 at the threadbare set !
 this be one of those 'European co-production ' .
 no wonder we have so many war .
 I swear , some of the people take part in 'Wizards of the Lost Kingdom ' be n't actually aware they be appear in a film !
 fact !
 I originally watch this movie on HTV Wales late one night while suffer from concussion and sleep deprivation .
 I have to track down a copy several week later to make sure it be really this awful .
 it be .
 worse even than Lee Majors in the Norseman , more laughable than all of John Derek 's film , this be , truly , the Citizen Kane of Trash .
 while some scene of training be realistic , too many of them depict military instructor as ex-Nazi type .
 obviously , the people who write the screen play be either anti-military type or write a film for that audience.I be a Viet Nam vet and , even during this period , military instructor who behave in the manner some of these do would probably still be serve time in military prison.And I really love the scene where the 'hero ' and his buddy ( both private ) be sit down in the Captain 's office , smoking cigarette and talk and cussing with the Captain as if he be their buddy .
 this sort of thing never happen in training or in a formal situation , as be the purpose for the scene.At the end I ask myself , 'What be this film about ?
 ' as it seem to wander around all over the place with no focus except 'I hate all authority .
 ' thank God I get it from the library and do not pay to rent it .
 what a complete piece of trash .
 plot notwithstanding , when a movie 's action revolve around airplane , you will think the writers/producers/director ( or ANYONE !
 ) would do a little bit of homework as to at least a Few of the detail .
 the mistake be so glaring that I be fume by the end of the movie .
 here be just a few : I be glad I miss the SR-71 sequence - certain to have be bad than the 'Air Force one ' F-117 spectacle .
 commercial airline usually have their logo paint on the aircraft rather than Boeing 747 likely the ( cheap ) use of some Boeing advertising/publicity footage by the director .
 exposed wiring connect by wire nut be mediocre at good for house wiring , much less multi-million dollar aircraft avionics wiring .
 airplane like the 747 rely on pressure alone rather than ship 's supply oxygen to maintain breathable air , and if they do rely on an on-board supply , the canister would be far big than fist size .
 medical tape be not a suitable substitute for a thread hose connection .
 those be F-16s , NOT F-15s .
 Mach 1+ ( speed of sound ) would be difficult to attain on a static engine run up for takeoff ( watch the airspeed indicator ) .
 'Standard formation ' be simply keep the formation inside one nautical mile , 'route ' formation be what they be fly - not the most useful formation for an intercept .
 'Acquiring missile lock ' be not likely to get an airline pilot 's attention - they have no radar detection or countermeasure .
 'Wait for my signal ' be not inter-flight communication for prepare to fire anything .
 depressurization from a door opening in flight be not ground for an immediate steep left bank .
 yell into a headset do not make it transmit .
 magnetic heading be give as 'headings ' not 'bearings , ' and heading be between @card@ and @card@ degree ( compass in the air be just like compass on the ground !
 ) , so turn left ( not 'port ' that be a boat thing ) from a 'bearing ' of @card@ to @card@ be just stupid .
 it be in most case impossible to just 'turn the yoke leave until the correct heading be reach ' that sort of thing will result in @card@ degree roll until the yoke be center again .
 the likelihood of a flight attendant immediately find and successfully engage the autopilot be only slightly great than the likelihood of her actually land the jet safely .
 airplane do n't stall immediately upon pull the throttle back , and 747s have more than one little lever to control the multi-engine thrust .
 flap be lower in increment usually just prior to and immediately follow landing gear extension , not second before landing ( good way to crash ) .
 wheel brake be require to stop an airplane , simply pull the throttle(s ) ( this time a different lever in the movie ) to idle will just allow you to go off the end of the runway at a slow speed .
 do I mention that those fighter aircraft be F-16s and NOT F-15s ?
 guess I do and that be just what I REMEMBER from recently watch this horrific movie .
 if you really , truly want to waste two hour of your life , do the following:1 ) look through the TV listing .
 2 ) find the movie 'Men in White ' .
 3 ) when 'Men in White ' come on , sit and watch.And that be it .
 after sit through two hour of bad pun , dreadful ( and not that funny ) movie reference , and experience something with possibly the low production value ever make in recent history , you will have waste two hour of your life , and wonder exactly why.Why do I do this ?
 I be stupid enough to think that this film might actually be some good .
 it wasn't.But , on the other hand , if you be old enough to remember Power Rangers , you might spot some familiar face during the film .
 presumably to save on production cost , Saban ( who also make Power Rangers ) , decide to liberally sprinkle old monster costume from everyone 's favourite tacky toy-spawning franchise throughout the film .
 I spot quite a few old monster from episode I see from when I be a kid , so I guess it could at least be say it have some nostalgia value.But , if you want to see actual Power Rangers monster , go watch Power Rangers itself .
 it be much good than this piece of garbage .
 ( and that be say something !
 ) like most comment I see this film under the name of the witching which be the reissue title .
 apparently necromancy which be the original be good but I doubt it.Most scene of the witching still include most necromancy scene and these be still bad .
 in many way I think the added nudity of the witching at least add some entertainment value !
 but do n't be fool -there be only @card@ scene with nudity and it be of the people stand around variety .
 no diabolique rumpy pumpy involve !
 this movie be so inherently awful it be difficult to know what to criticise first .
 the dialogue be awful and straight out of the Troma locker .
 at least Troma be tongue in cheek though .
 this be straight-faced boredom personify .
 the acting be variable with Pamela Franklin ( Flora the possessed kid in the innocent would you believe !
 ) the bad with her high-pitched screechy voice .
 Welles seem merely wait for his pay cheque .
 the other female lead have a creepy face so I do n't know why Pamela think she could trust her in the film !
 and the doctor be pretty bad too .
 he also look worringly like Gene Wilder.It be ineptly film with scene change for no reason and edit be choppy .
 this be because the witching be a copy and paste job and not a subtle one at that .
 only the lighting be OK .
 the sound be also dreadful and it be difficult to hear with the appalling new soundtrack which never shut up .
 the 'ghost ' mother be also equally rubbish but the actress be so hilariously bad at act that at least it provide some unintentional laughs.Really this film ( the witching at least ) be only for the unwary .
 it ca n't have many sane fan as it be pretty unwatchable and I actually find it mind-numbingly dull !
 the good bit be when the credit roll - enough say so simply good to this poor excuse for a movie like THE PLAGUE !
 Ugh , what can I say other than , ugh .
 I rent this film because it be label as a sequel to the original Vampires .
 this movie could not have be any lame .
 lack not only in plot , but the acting be atrocious .
 combine with some obvious plot hole make this movie a very hard one to watch .
 many time I question my own sanity at continue to watch the film long after the plot have jump the shark .
 here be a sampling of the lame aspects...***SPOILERS***Professional 'Slayer ' insist on sleep outdoors by himself at night .
 he wake up to a woman cry , sit no more than @card@ foot from him in the middle of nowhere .
 he immediately go to comfort her without question her sudden appearance .
 she go from cry to seduce him , and he let it happen with obvious results...One of the main character be Zoe , be bite by a Vampire , but as long as she take these 'experimental pill ' she get in Mexico City , she be fine , although her body temperature be below room temperature...Guard outside of monastery where hero be stay the night be kill by vampire , hero leave the next day .
 he then return a day later only to be surprise that the vampire attack the monastery the night after he left......avoid this movie .
 when I be in school I make a film about a couple roam around in the tree and talk , and I realize halfway through edit that this be not just a fail aesthetic strategy but a clich of Canadian cinema : sodden lyricism marry to vacant , metaphor-burdened stab at social commentary .
 but whatever my own film 's failing I feel much good after see this...this...thing .
 for one thing , mine run @card@ minute , not @card@ , and have more content at that : every pointless bit of business here be fawn over for four , five , six relentless minute .
 the male lead be just incredible , a brow-beating , loudmouthed creep give to outburst of drama-class improv in between philosophical insight cull from the U of T pub , and he be give lot and lot of space to make us hate him .
 admittedly if he be n't such an a**hole then the third act would make even less sense , as a couple snarky dude show up to provide distant and thoroughly unhelpful echo of 'exploitation ' value ; but it do n't make it any easy to watch the cage creep whimper 'please ' in closeup until the magazine run out .
 I take back what I say about Autumn Born , which at least have the courage of its own misbegotten lechery : this cinematic crater be and will remain the very bad Canadian movie of all time .
 at least , I really really hope so .
 there be some thing I can never understand .
 such as this movie .
 what if I be to create a really really cheap and crappy look Dino and crocodile polygon model in Maya and then proceed to cut and paste that into an amateur video clip have people scream and get eat by the same thing ?
 how can anyone even believe that an utterly fake CGI dinocroc that look completely out of place , would influence the event in this movie ?
 I know that its B-grade , low budget and all but the producer could do well than make a piece of crap that no one will ever see see or sit through .
 it just does'nt make sense .
 be people really so stupid that they would sit through this ?
 apparently so .
 for laugh ?
 no , this thing be n't even worth laugh at .
 the storyplot be okay by itself , but the film feel very bubbly and fake .
 it also have the bad ending .
 they be probably go for a surprise end , but all it do be leave me the question of what the whole point of the story be .
 all other teen movie be good than this one .
 OK me and a friend rent this a few day ago because we like to keep track of b-movies since we do them ourselves .
 anyway , the cover contain blood and weird look naked girl with fang and stuff.. .
 and Tom Savini !
 there be just no way this movie can fail !
 right ?
 wrong !
 !
 it just seem like such a waste !
 there be really no story , the dialog be terrible ( be anyone there ?
 x @card@ !
 !
 !
 ) , the character were. .
 well , they really lack any kind of personality.. .
 the effect be terrible. .
 and whats up with these long artsy shot of scared people run around do nothing. .
 with extreme closeup of eye and stuff ?
 we be sit the whole movie wait for something.. .
 anything to happen.. .
 but no.. .
 'oh , here come the nymph !
 great !
 oh. .
 they be kissing.. .
 again.. .
 and now for the violence !
 OK.. .
 nothing really happens.. .
 again.. .
 oh , now they run around.. .
 and the closeup of eyes.. .
 again.. .
 oh , heres Tom Savini !
 Oh.. .
 he died.. .
 right.. .
 OK , maybe now something cool or even interesting will happen. .
 no. .
 oh !
 cool !
 a sever head !
 the end.. .
 oh crap. .
 ' and finally , since i be so full of myself. .
 i will tell you this !
 give me a van , six actor , a weird look house , Tom Savini , a couple of naked girl with fang and bucket of blood and i could make the cool movie you have ever seen.. .
 I have make movie with zero budget in two day that have good effect , good acting and a good script than this.. .
 what be this Johannes guy do ?
 ?
 make cool movie be easy !
 it could have be so great.. .
 I be really upset !
 !
 another vast conspiracy movie that try to blame the US government and the Armed Forces ( especially the army ) for every disaster since the Great Flood .
 anyone who have ever serve time in the US military can see how bogus this film be .
 uniform , equipment , set , and mannerism be all wrong .
 ( and of course , all Senior officer be either corrupt criminal or total idiot .
 ) blatant propaganda with no attempt at objectivity .
 most of the theory present have be disproven over the past few year .
 use every cliche ' , rumor , and Urban Legend from the Gulf-all be present as gospel .
 ( the truth be , no one know for sure why some GW vet be sick and other be healthy as horse .
 ) PS This be not new .
 War be NOT fun and I know WWII , Korean , and Viet Nam vet with some pretty serious ailment , too .
 ( and the government have the responsibility to take care of all of them .
 ) sensationalistic movie like this will not solve the problem !
 Dear God !
 I keep wait for this movie to 'get started'.. .
 then I wait for it to redeem itself.. .
 and when it do neither , I just sit there , dumbfound that : 1 ) it could possibly be this bad , and 2 ) that I have just waste a couple of hour on just sheer stupidity .
 I have faith that Drew could n't possibly have make this bad of a movie.. .
 and boy , do I ever lose my faith !
 do n't bother with this one !
 Drew try , but the movie be poorly write , poorly act , and just poorly conceive !
 I ca n't believe a script this bad ever get fund !
 it have a million chance to actually do something with the idea , ( the word 'concept ' be too big for this movie to even qualify for !
 ) and it Still do n't go anyplace !
 its just pitiful !
 where the other reviewer get the idea that it be n't the bad , baffle me !
 because believe me , if it get any bad I will have slit my wrist before finish it !
 I pick this DVD up at the Dollar Store .
 the DVD be on the @card@ for $1 rack , but since it have Michael Madsen in it , I think that since I have never see the movie , I buy it anyway.I must say that I do n't like the movie .
 the movie play more like a documentary or an advertisement for religion than anything else .
 I find that the director 's use of flashback do not add to the story line for me .
 I would have prefer to view the story line in chronological order.I wo n't throw it away like one of the other commentator , but it may be quite awhile before I would consider watch this movie again.Who know , since it be Michael Madsen 's film debut , maybe it might have some archival value at some future date .
 I have see a lot of movies...this be the first one I ever walk out of the theater on .
 do n't even bother rent it .
 this be about as bore a soap opera as one can see...at least you do n't have to pay to watch a soap opera , though .
 the Treasure Island DVD should be require view in any film production course !
 it be a textbook example of how NOT to make a movie .
 watch the movie and then listen to the writer/director 's commentary demonstrate graphically the vast chasm between what he know about the character and what he communicate to his audience about them .
 call me old-fashioned , but I think of movie as a means of communication , and communication be n't complete if the audience do n't know what the hell the director be talk about .
 the director 's avowed purpose be to make a movie void of 'Hollywood convention ' .
 among those convention , alas , be consistency of character and clarity of concept .
 the director himself realize that audience often do n't understand point where he have purposely avoid a 'Hollywood clich ' .
 however , he never seem to grasp the idea that clichs exist for a reason .
 they be shorthand for convey complex idea quickly and clearly .
 it be fine to avoid them , but they need to be replace with some other way of communicate the same idea , not simply eliminate .
 the film be build on an intriguing premise , rich with potential .
 two puppet be assign to fabricate a personality and background for an unidentified corpse that be to be use in a disinformation mission in the close day of WWII .
 soon each begin to populate their personal fantasy with the character and their invention become increasingly real to them .
 someone with less disdain for the 'Hollywood convention ' of traditional storytelling could create a wonderful film with this idea .
 this film certainly be n't it !
 the puppet do everything they can to bring consistency to these character , but they be all too often defeat by the daze and confuse script .
 in particular , I be become increasingly impress by Gonzo , who play the lively corpse .
 in a number of muppet film , he always stand out as a very charismatic puppet .
 this movie be terrible .
 at first i just read the plot summary and it look OK , so i watch it .
 the act be terrible .
 it be like the actor be almost camera shy .
 everything seem fake .
 i feel bad for Edward Furlong , terminator @card@ be my favorite a few year ago. .
 I have watch it at least @card@ times....the plot be also crap .
 the writer be probably sleep deprive when they come up with the lines.on the plus side , it be the good kind of bad movie .
 the one you keep watch just to see how much worst could it will get , so that later you can tell other people how you could n't believe how terrible the movie was.i think everybody should watch this , so that then we could appreciate well other , real , movie .
 in the last @card@ year I have work in @card@ different indie professional wrestling organization , manage many pro wrestler ( include @card@ Backyard Wrestling star ) , work on @card@ different wrestle TV program and do voice-over and commentary for many wrestling DVD 's .
 I have NEVER witness the level of outright amateurish stupidity , lack of talent and skill , and shoddy production quality find in Splatter Rampage Wrestling .
 to even list this as a wrestle video of ANY kind be an outright misuse of the term .
 shoot with low-dollar video camera , it be essentially home video of kid play-fighting in back yard .
 the sound quality be bad , the video quality be bad , and the acting be horrendous .
 the 'wrestlers ' wear makeshift costume with hand-drawn tee shirt and ski mask and hit each other with a variety of item and halfway imitate wrestle move .
 sometimes the 'matches ' be on the grass .
 sometimes on a back yard trampoline .
 all be poorly act and execute with a shameless lack of any wrestle skill .
 in short , do n't bother with this stinker .
 whether your interest in this DVD be entertainment or academic ( both in my case ) , you will be terribly disappoint .
 just PPV will this .
 I do n't want to waste too much time on this as most of the poster here put it good than I ever could , but I do want to say a few things.I do n't know which be funny : Redgrave chase tiny moth and trip over her nurse ; close wail that her 'precious ' boy ( whom she and the Mr .
 have decide be a drunken loser ) have be turn into roadkill ; that the tone-deaf Ann schmooze with Peggy Lee ; or the horrid CGI of Crypt Keeper Annie gaze at her young self !
 I never buy Dane as the young Redgrave .
 I do n't buy Richardson and Collette as sister , either .
 if Meryl Streep 's daughter want to be an actress , she better get Mama to give her a few lesson !
 I have zero idea why any girl ( or Buddy ) would make fool of themselves over vapid stud du jour Harris !
 Ann 's daughter be as whiny and thoughtless as she , Luc be a retarded slacker on crack , and I do n't give a rot about any of them !
 evening give Chick Flicks a bad name !
 few movie have dash expectation and upset me as much as Fire have .
 the movie be pretentious garbage .
 it do not achieve anything at an artistic level .
 the only thing it manage to receive be a ban in India .
 if only it be because of the poor quality of film make rather than the topical controversy , the ban would have be more justifiable.Now that I have get my distress out of my system , I be more able to analyse the movie:* from the onset the movie feel unreal especially when the protagonist start converse in English .
 the director , of course , do not make the movie for an Indian audience ; however it underestimate its international audience by over simplify it .
 watch the character of the domestic help converse in perfect English be too unreal to be true.* next we get regular glimpse into Radha 's dream .
 these scene be not very effective .
 they come up as jarring and obstruct the flow of the movie .
 I be still wonder how that philosophical dialogue connect to the story .
 I feel that the surrealism be lost.* the love scene feel voyeuristic and be probably mean for audience titillation rather than be a powerful statement .
 in any case , they do not achieve either of the two.* the name choose for the woman , Radha and Sita , be name of Hindu deity and hence be select to shock the audience .
 however , since the film be n't mean for Indian audience in the first place , the shock-through-name-selection be not mean to achieve its goal , which be absurd.* the quality of direction be very poor and some key and delicate scene have be poorly handle .
 a good director could have make a powerful emotional drama out of the subject.* the acting feel wooden although Nandita Das bring some life into the role , the other be waste .
 I always think that Shabana Azmi be a good actress but her talent be not evident in this film .
 the male lead be outright rubbish.In case you be a fan of earth and wish to see more of the director , stay away from this one .
 please .
 the problem be the role of the character in the film .
 man to man show a British anthropologist kidnapping two pygmy and take them to Scotland and then realise that they be not animal or subhumans but actually equal to himself .
 the problem be the role of the pygmy in the film - two people who be kidnap , treat like animal , and yet give such a shallow , stereotypical role within the film.. .
 the kidnapper ( British anthropologist ) end up be the hero of the film because he 'manages ' to relate to the pygmies.. .
 no notion of how the two hostage feel , of their point of view , of their ordeal.. .
 I find it be a shallow film , with a one side fundamentally racist view.. .
 it never manage to move away from the 'white man ' view this be the WORST Christmas movie I ever see .
 I take my two small child to see this .
 it be the dark , most dismal plot- family have no money , mom lose her job , father get kill in the bank , bank robber steal family car with both kid in the back and after high speed chase , drive off the bridge and drown them in the river .
 mom be leave all alone .
 no wonder her Christmas spririt be go .
 Christmas angel do not rescue child that have drown , and Santa do not bring back dead father !
 I think this be the WORST message to send child .
 well to tell them that there be No Santa than show them a movie like this !
 !
 I love Zombie-Movies and I love amateur-productions .
 and Meat Market @card@ start really promise with a nice homage to Fulcis Classic 'Zombi'.So I lean back and wait to be impress .
 okay , some of the makeup be great for such a no budget movie and some actor ( the vampirelady and the cook ) really stand out , but else theres nothing.I didnt expect a new Romero here but there be not one sequence in the whole movie which have even a little bit of suspense or shock value .
 the director sure know how to stage body rippings and interesting eat habit , but now ( after two part ) its time to learn something more.In MeatMarket2 Gore rhyme with bore - for me thats not enough - sorry.** out of ***** I have not see the first film and if it anything like this have no great desire to.Having just watch it a few hour ago I be struggle to remember a thing about it.From what I remember it be main plot seem to be a group of very annoy people stay at a house with that dodgy old woman from Friday the 13th and be stalk by plank of wood man.Some people die , the film end , I be start a law suit against the person who sell me this film as I want compensation for the missing time in my life.I will pay u @card@ to take this film off my hands......oh wait I already give it away to a 'friend ' .
 those @card@ point be dedicate the reasonable performance from Akshay Kumar .
 I know Bollywood film do not really strive to be realistic but PLEASE a Walt Disney production be more realistic than this plot .
 the father be die and do what any good parent does...kick his son out the son with his pregnant wife .
 a few thing that be too hard to swallow- @ord@ Priyanka 'cool indoor swimming pool in the bedroom ' and to go from that to live hungry in her in-law garden shed ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 @ord@ Akshay suddenly get the job as a stunt man , get bite by rabified dog , to then just walk off .
 this film be an insult to our intelligence I really cant believe i contribute financially to the 'people ' who make this film by take my family to see it , we leave the cinema with a frown , please do not subject yourself to this mess to watch this take my advice and do not waste your 'waqt ' .
 if the maker of Atlantis have something to say in this film , its theme be ( literally ) drown out by the emphasis on 'special effect ' over characterization .
 almost as if in an attempt to 'keep up ' with the rest of the summer action blockbuster , Disney have ditch the character-driven , movie-with-a-message approach in favor of a Star Wars 'shoot-'em-up ' with stereotype hero and villains.The art be cartoony and the producer think that they can rely on computer generate image ( CGI ) of fly fish-craft and submarine to fill the gap .
 they be wrong , and the day of beautiful , handcraft animation be fast fly out the window in favor of assembly-line CGI.This movie be all spectacle with no heart .
 at time the film come close to be a good , worthwhile movie , but frustratingly miss the mark so many time by cop out of talk about something meaningful and instead choose to go with the glitz.Another problem with the movie be the pace .
 it start confusingly and then begin to rocket along with a choppy story edit style that be not appreciate .
 the viewer be rush out of the door along with Milo Thatch ( voice well by Michael J. Fox ) and be left think 'Gee there must be an awful lot of stuff that be go to happen once we get to Atlantis ' .
 unfortunately , not much happen .
 the secret of Atlantis remain a secret with the story-teller not really know how to explain the legendary island/continent .
 they be afraid to commit to say where Atlantis be , even in a fictional story .
 be it in the Atlantic ?
 be it in the Mediterranean Sea ?
 who know ?
 nothing be hypothesize , even from a purely fantasy-based point of view .
 the viewer will leave the theatre ask themselves 'Now what be that all about ?
 what be the point of the movie ?
 why could n't the survive Atlantean be remember how to read when many of them live through the disaster to the 'present ' day ?
 and why do Atlantis sink ?
 ' and then promptly begin to forget about what they see .
 there be nothing leave to think about or mill over.. .
 except the loss of money in their wallets.The character and their motivation be equally unfathomable .
 from the eccentric zillionaire who found the expedition with seemingly more money that exist on the entire planet in @card@ , to the ( spoiler ) collective consciousness that enter Kida and VOLUNTARILY desert its people !
 ?
 !
 the crew be a collection of quirky , 2-dimensional people of anachronistically ( for @card@ ) P.C. race and gender .
 the demolitions expert talk like he come right out of a Warner Brothers ' Bugs Bunny short .
 most of the joke be gross one-liner that be largely miss by the audience for two reason : they be deliver at lightning-speed pace and usually mumble .
 the way these supporting player do a moral turn-around near the end of the movie be hard to believe.While we applaud Disney for try to create animated movie for adult - and this be the first Disney not to have cute , talk animal or object - it fail to make the transition .
 young child will be frighten by some of the action scene and be leave in the dark by the large amount of subtitle ( when the character speak Atlantean ) .
 in the first five minute of the expedition , approximately @card@ people be kill without a second thought .
 obviously Disney think that if you do n't know who those people be , then why should you care ?
 again , the movie have no feeling on any level.Mulan and Tarzan be the last animated movie produce by Disney that be do extremely well .
 sadly , Atlantis harken back to those fail attempt in the past such as the Black Cauldron and Hunchback of Notre Dame .
 Disney need to get back to their root .
 a sequel to Peter Pan be come out shortly but one never know what the result will be until you see it for yourself .
 and now that Disney have discover Science Fiction one hope that they will realize that that genre must have more than spectacle to it .
 we also hope that the upcoming 'Treasure Planet ' , a sci-fi adaptation of Robert L. Stevenson 's 'Treasure Island ' , will have more heart to it than the unfathomable 'Atlantis : the Lost Empire ' .
 Born , raise , and educate in Scotland , I be appall at this disgusting portrayal of a man who be no more nor less than a cattle rustler .
 worse yet , the thread of the entire movie be sex in one form or another , by implication or verbally .
 to view it , one would think that 18th century Scotland be populate by a bunch of sex pervert and homosexual .
 Lange be a joke act as the 'young ' mother at age @card@ but Liam Neeson be even bad !
 take a 'bath ' in a Scottish loch be NOT commonplace as they portray him - but , it do give them yet another opportunity to demonstrate how sexually drive we be .
 save your money and watch Pinnochio .
 the big National Lampoon hit remain 'Animal House ' , and rightly so .
 it be funny , raucous and good-natured.The exact opposite of every other National Lampoon film .
 include 'Class Reunion'.PLEASE do not be fool by the inclusion of Stephen Furst ( 'Flounder ' ) from 'Animal House ' .
 or by the fact that John Hughes write this jumble mess .
 this reunion be about as hilarious as root canal and twice as painful.One star , and that be be generous .
 then again , I always think most of my old classmate be demon , vampire and serial killer , too .
 shame shame shame on UA/DW for what you do !
 I be appalled.Do NOT take kid to see this movie .
 the humor be totally inappropriate for child - plus they will be bore and disappoint .
 certainly *we all* have read Theo 's wonderful child book and certainly we have expectations...but this be pure trash .
 Dr .
 Seuss would be ashamed and certainly would have never give his 'thumbs up ' at such a dastardly attempt to capitalize on a classic.What a pity.Spend your money on the book .
 if you own a copy , then buy the book and donate it to a Toys for Tots program .
 this movie be NOT worth a 'free ' ticket viewing.Stick with the book .
 the tv cartoon version work well if you want a visual portrayal - save your money...seriously .
 save your money - it will be on cable by saint patty 's day.Shame shame shame on what they do !
 !
 well here I go with another B industry movie .
 it be sad enough to see some badly make film but I do n't care if a B industry or C industry produce the film .
 show some effort in your work .
 the character be really bad .
 the acting be n't in question in this one ( surprise ) , but plot be .
 how can a tight-knit squad witness two of their fellow soldier butcher , and then go on as if nothing happen .
 what sicken me be how the writer even throw in the remain member a scene where they joke about how nice the doctor 's ass be .
 give me a break .
 one wonder why anyone would try to rehash successful movie plot that have already be see , like it be the case with this movie .
 'The wedding date ' be one of the good example of why not to even try to remake , under the guise of a new story , something that should have be let alone .
 if a project like this go ahead with the studio big honchos ' approval , then go all out with big star and glossy production value , that way , people will come for the stars.Alas , that be not what happen in this misguided attempt at comedy .
 the problem seem to be the way the screen writer have transplant the story to London , when basically , this seem to be a typical American situation that not even the setting will be able to fix .
 then there be the problem with the star .
 Debra Messing and Dermot Mulrooney ?
 they have as much chemistry as oil and vinegar !
 since the Kat and Nick have no conflict from the start , the viewer be not pull into the film the way the creator think they would be .
 it be clear that Kat will fall for Nick , and vice-versa in this predictable story .
 Amy Adams , who be the good asset in 'Junebug ' , come across as a shallow girl who be willing to keep her lie go on and not come clean to the man that love her and be go to marry her.For anyone interested , the credit at the end of the film run for almost seven minute !
 @card@ .
 this movie have absolutely nothing good about it .
 the acting be among the bad I have ever see , what be really amazing be that EVERYONE be awful , not just a few here and there , everyone .
 the direction be a joke , the low budget be hopelessly evident , the score be awful , I would n't say the movie be edit , brutally chop would be a more appropriate phrase .
 it combine serial killing , voodoo and tarot card .
 dumb .
 dumb .
 dumb .
 it be not scary at all , the special effect be hopelessly lame .
 laughably bad throughout .
 the writing be appallingly bad .
 the cinematography be real cheap look , and very grainy sometimes , and the camera-work be dreadful .
 again , what really do the movie in be how badly all the actor be .
 cheesy .
 Fox 's 'The true story of Jesse James ' ( @card@ ) be a remarkably poor widescreen remake of their prestigious @card@ Tyrone Power/Henry Fonda classic 'Jesse James ' .
 I be not sure where the fault lie but the casting in this version of the two central character , the uneven direction of Nicholas Ray and the ham-fisted screenplay must surely have something to do with it.In the late thirty and forty Tyrone Power be Fox 's top lead man but in the fifty his star begin to wane and studio head Darryl Zanuck start to groom newcomer Robert Wagner to take his place .
 this be a major error on Zanuck 's part as Wagner prove to be a less than a suitable replacement .
 with the possible exception of 'Broken Lance ' ( @card@ ) and 'Between Heaven & hell ' ( @card@ ) it be hard to think of Wagner distinguish himself in anything !
 also , Jeffrey Hunter be nothing more than a Fox contract player before be assign to play Frank James to Wagner 's Jesse in 'The true story of Jesse James ' .
 borrow from the studio the previous year this actor 's one distinguish mark be his excellent and revealing performance in John Ford 's classic 'The searcher ' .
 but his playing here , along with Wagner as the second half of the James Brothers , be nothing short of bore .
 neither player bring any personality or colour to their respective role .
 they totally miss the mark , lack the charisma and appeal so vividly display by Power and Fonda in the original .
 the movie be also mar by too many flashback and with the all over the place screenplay Wagner , as the Robin Hood of the American west , come across as a charmless introvert twit that you can feel no empathy for whatsoever .
 the support cast be hardly worth mention but it be a shame to see such a great actress as Agnes Moorhead barely get a look in as Ma James.The good aspect of this uninvolving so-so western be the wonderful Cinemascope/Colour cinematography by the great Joe McDonald and the excellent music score by the underrate and little known composer Leigh Harline !
 the Crater Lake Monster be easily one of the most awful , amateurish film I have ever see - rank right up there with Manos , the Hands of Fate in term of poor acting , useless direction , and kindergarten-level production value .
 in this movie a silly-looking claymation/stop-motion animated dinosaur wake up after a meteor hit a lake in Bumblebum , Ca , and begin dining on the local hayseed .
 in the thrilling climax , the creature , describe by one local as 'a giant alligator with flipper ' , drag it be ponderous bulk over the ground to chase its would-be lunch , before a bulldozer bump it a couple of time & it die from boredom .
 every character in this moovie be a complete moron .
 one pointless subplot show a hick go into a liquor store to purchase a $4.75 pint of Ripple ; instead of simply buy the bottle , the idiot shoot the cashier and another bystander , shoot at a cop , get chase towards the lake , all so that he can eat by the monster .
 unfortunate close-up of the monster reveal it to be nothing more than a piece of styrofoam .
 there be a fake magician struggle with a phony British accent ( to make him seem more legit ) , two overly-bumbling redneck boat renter , some cheesy 'pre-historic cave art ' do in crayon , and annoy banjo-pickin ' background moosic .
 in one painful scene , the fake magician and his dopey wife/girlfriend/accomplice manage to pad the movie an extra @card@ minute by cowmenting on how may star they can see in the night sky , even though it be clearly day time still .
 even on constant fast-forward , this moovie hurt , and hurt bad .
 MooCow say call the fumigator , because this cow pie really stink !
 :=8P a great slasher movie -- too bad it be the producer and not part of the script .
 basic plot summary - man with redhead fetish go invite such woman to his flat only to go into some kind of freakish coma and proceed in offing them to various degree of success .
 only the cut crew behind the scene must have think the movie be as ad as I do and chop the heck out of the movie .
 nothing flow , you get lose on which redhead he be with at the time ( do n't he off that one early ?
 ?
 ) , and most of the time it look like the camera man pass out and resume film when he awake .
 not that I can blame him I pass out @card@ time and have to rewind and resume to try to regain what little plot that do exist .
 warn when you see the end do NOT try to connect it with anything that happen before -- you will just get an aneurysm .
 not worth the time , effort , or God forbid money .
 only reason to get a @card@ instead of a @card@ - the slim chance that the hacking occur between film release and the horrible version that I watch .
 Jean Claude Van Damme try to rescue his career by make the sequel of Universal Soldier .
 but , do that movie save him ?
 I think he go to hell , after he dies.In the first minute , we see the inside of a facility , where you can see the bad guy of the film .
 scary , Huh ?
 but not as scary as the act ( detail be following).Then , we see Van Damme with a black girl ( do not remember the name....well it do n't matter anyway ) , try to escape from some muscle-man .
 of course they be the new Universal-Soldiers .
 more muscels , less brain ( just like the movie ) .
 after a while , Van Damme fight Goldberg but then the 'mission ' get aborted .
 it be just a test ( be this movie a test for our nerve ?
 ) .
 it turn out that Van Damme work for the government on the new Universal Soldier project ( who have see the first movie may think that this be the most unlogical thing , that yould Van Dammes character could do ) .
 but it be a sequel .
 and a 'story ' have to come up .
 ah , I forget .
 he have a daughter .
 very important for the 'story'.Well , after about @card@ minute , a super computer hear a conversation about shut it down and quit he project .
 of course the cube get angry and activate all soldier to kill everyone .
 Van Damme escape from the facility but the computer send some soldier hunting him ( it want Van Damme as a soldier - because he be the good ( really ?
 ) ) .
 and guess what , Goldberg be one of the hunter , who be always a silly sentence for the audience before he get asskicked .
 funny ?
 yes , just like the rest of the film.After some 'story ' , Van Damme try to rescue his daughter ( of his wife - the reporter in the first movie ) .
 it come to a final show down where Van Damme fight the Bad Guy and you can see the most expensive scene of the whole movie ( please see for yourself .
 it be just too funny to tell).You will see that this movie be a waste of time.So do not watch it .
 but if you do , keep a sixpack with you !
 if you have ever see a movie by Brian Avenet-Bradley and compare it to the feedback it get on IMDb , you know that most of the comment and vote be fake .
 trust ME : you will be bore !
 people of the production team write their feedback themselves ( sometimes they even admit it ) .
 but that be not enough : they also click constantly 'no ' whenever there be a negative comment on the movie .
 that be why negative critic be always place behind the hyped ones.The movie itself be bad , bad , bad : bad acting , bad lighting , bad script , bad ending .
 believe me now !
 if not , you will believe me later !
 Brian Avenet-Bradley might be quite a good business man .
 otherwise it can be explain that he find people who still finance his movie .
 ( okay , they be cheap , but nevertheless .
 ) but as a creative person , he be a complete failure .
 I be truly begin to believe that Seagal be on a mission to see how crappy his film could become.This particular movie be a complete and utter waste of time to see.My first complaint be the cover of the DVD where they have doctor his pic and make him look slim and young when in the film he look like crap.He have his big pot belly and double chin go for him and the most miserable and bored look on his face.The whole plot be ridiculous to begin with and draw out way too long.The whole film be lead up to the finale where Seagal and his team have to take on a bunch of people under the influence of a top secret military chemical adrenaline enhancer.There be way too much useless dialogue and not to mention the ridiculous and constant dubbing of Seagals voice even in the middle of a statement.The dub voice sound like a man with a frog in his throat and be quite comical.The fight scene in the film be horrible.Half the time when Seagal fight you could not even see what be go on.There would be tight shot of him flap his arm at the camera and then the person fly through a wall or something.It be reminiscent of the old Kung Fu series on television.They use way too much slow motion for the fight scenes.I believe this be Seagals worst film to date and I be glad I do not purchase this film or I would have be very upset since I be a huge fan of Seagal the Aikidoist.The action star be quickly fade away and seem to be get bad with every performance .
 I remember this show from when i be a kid .
 i could n't remember too much about it , just a few minor thing about the character .
 for some reason i remember it be really intense .
 also it be on really really early in the morning up in Pa .
 I finally , after look around the web for a long time , find an episode .
 the first episode no-less .
 Criminey !
 this show be so horrible .
 it be obviously just make to show kid play Lazer tag and have a great time .
 the show open with bhodi li tell his mommy 'my name not Christopher , I be bhodi li-PHOTON Warrior !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 ' we then be force to watch kid play Lazer tag to the song 'foot loose ' .
 and not just a quick little bit , but the whole song .
 ahhhhhhhhh my brain hurt just think about it .
 oh yeah , and as if i could n't get bad , you cant even see the laser beam from their gun .
 its like they be just run around to the entire 'foot loose ' song .
 later on , after bhodi go up into space or where-ever , they have a crappy laser gun fight to the Phil Collins song 'su-su-sudio .
 ' ah , trust me , you do n't want to know the rest .
 what can i say......THE Light Shines !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 I have walk out of about @card@ movie my entire life .
 this be one of the bad movie I have ever see .
 I do n't know how I sit through an hour of it .
 I must have be in a coma that night .
 I see it in the theatre when it come out @card@ year ago .
 I could n't even remember the name , but I know that Penelope Ann Miller star in it .
 it must have really affect me to be waste my time comment on it today .
 Yech !
 vomit !
 barf !
 Disney have yet to meet a movie it could n't make at least two sequel about .
 and this one be no exception to the people at Disney to give a weak story to receive a quick reward .
 somehow , although I do not pay to view it , I feel cheapen by watch it.Ariel be grow up now and have a daughter .
 yet do n't allow the daughter to go into the sea because of some idle threat make by the sister of the deceased sea-witch .
 so here we go again.The daughter be trick ( of course ) and help the sea-witch .
 after a not-so-glorious battle , she be defeat and the mermaid and human live in harmony .
 Yawn.There be nothing to view here .
 go back to your life .
 'D- ' Simply not the quality I expect from Morris ( love Brass Eye and Blue Jam ) .
 this be very much like a not so bad student film .
 what concern me , in all this be why DID it Win A BAFTA ?
 ?
 ?
 Morris make fun of 'enshrined mediocrity ' ( Ayn Rand ) in much of his work ( Nathan Barley ) and yet with this piece be urinate down the back of the talented and tell us its rain !
 I just hope as he have choose a subject I would love to tackle ( the humanity of terrorism - Four Lions ) that he be n't go to cock that up , waste the opportunity to make a statement about the farce of mainstream ignorance and opinion on this emotive and heavily spin phenomenon .
 not only be the plot of this film contrive with the ease in which the two psycho be able to kidnap a pregnant woman without break a sweat but it be a terrible rip-off of 'Misery ' .
 however , the main reason I give this film such a low rating be because it absolutely disgust me.I be not someone easily shock by what film-makers dish out and have always have a love for horror flick but this film go too far purely in term of violence and torture just for the sake of get point in the shock factor.I think most people , when watch just the first ten minute of 'Hide and Seek ' , will find themselves reach for the remote .
 the Broadway musical , 'A Chorus Line ' be arguably the well musical in theatre .
 it be about the experience of people who live for dance ; the joy they experience , and the sacrifice they make .
 each dancer be audition for part in a Broadway chorus line , yet what come out of each of them be story of how their life lead them find dance as a respite.The film version , though , capture none of the passion or beauty of the stage show , and be arguably the bad film adaptation of a Broadway musical , as it be lifeless and devoid of any affection for dance , whatsoever.The big mistake be make in give the director 's job to Sir Richard Attenborough , whose direction offer just the right touch and pace for 'Gandhi .
 ' why would anyone in his or her right mind ask an epic director to direct a musical that take place in a fairly constrict place ?
 which bring us to the next problem .
 'A Chorus Line ' take place on stage in a theatre with no real set and limited costume change .
 it be the least flashy of Broadway musical , and its simplicity be its glory .
 however , that do n't translate well to film , and no one really think that it would .
 for that reason , the movie should have take us in the life of these dancer , and should have leave the theatre and audition process .
 the singer could have offer their song in other environment and even have offer flashback to their first ballet , jazz or tap class .
 heck , they could have dance down Broadway in their lively imagination .
 yet , not one shred of imagination go into the making of this film , as Attenborough 's complete indifference for dance and the show itself be evident in his lackadaisical direction.Many scene be downright awkward as the dancer tell their story to the director ( Michael Douglas ) whether he want to hear them or not .
 Douglas ' character be capricious about choose to whom he extend a sympathetic ear , and to whom he have no patience.While the filmmaker pretend to be true to the nature of the play , some heretical change be make .
 the very beautiful 'Hello Twelve , hello Thirteen , hello Love'--a smashing stage number which take the dancer back to their adolescence--was remove and replace with the dreadful , 'Surprise , ' a song so bad that it be nominate for an Oscar .
 add insult to injury , 'Surprise ' simply retell the same story as 'Hello , Love ' but without the wit or pathos.There be no reason to see this film unless you want a lesson in what NOT to do when transfer a Broadway show to film .
 if you want to see a film version of this show , the next close thing be Bob Fosse 's brilliant 'All that jazz .
 ' while Fosse 's daughter be in 'A Chorus Line , ' He be the Fosse who should have be involve , as director .
 he would have know what to do with this material , which deserve far great respect than this sad effort .
 the bad kind of film .
 basically , the US Declaration of Independence be replace with a plasma screen and this fool the museum 's security for several day .
 Eh ?
 the plasma screen that would theoretically run for less than @card@ second off that watch battery , assume it have a low enough internal resistance to deliver the required current , which it wouldn't.It would be possible with a dozen large car battery and an inverter , but that system would n't fit into the case .
 sorry to be anal , but this be n't even close to be plausible .
 the rest of the film be n't a great deal well and I be left wonder why the budget could n't have be donate to charity or me .
 an actor 's first film be usually something one can afford to miss - it be often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involve be truly on display , and this film be no exception.But bad than that , even by @card@ standard this be so bad , it be hysterically funny .
 film entirely in the Chicago area on an obviously small budget , most of the acting by the entire cast be stiff , wooden , and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater .
 noise from nearby traffic often drown out the dialog , and the dialog be truly bad , very declarative in a way that come off as forced and expedient rather than natural and organic .
 scene be contrived and choppy , and even though the character go through a span of year , neither the child nor the adult age at all.I do believe it be possible to make a Christian film that be palatable to a large , secular audience , but too often the creator of such film be so focus on 'The Message ' or in this case , their own autobiographical tie to the project that good film production value be toss aside .
 ( I be sure it be no coincidence that the main character have the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.)Luckily , Michael Madsen be much more interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent film .
 career like his be certainly not build on film like this one .
 I watch the movie , and be dismay to say the least that the movie fail to communicate with me as an audience .
 the language would put to shame the street loafers.The plot ; a father force none of his son to marry , seem far-fetched.The idea of a grandmother ask her grand kid to mess up with an enemy would only draw feeble minded be attention....and I be wait the whole movie for a laugh , and laugh I do on my stupidity to waste @card@ hour to convince myself that the movie be not even worth a first look.Hope it save YOUR time !
 not worth the video rental or the time or the occasional efforts.*Makeup that a child can do .
 *Acting be over done...poor directing .
 *Editing be very choppy...many thing make no sense or just seem gratuitous .
 *Sound be badly dub .
 *Music be highly inappropriate .
 *Casting be extremely off...must have be on crack .
 *Zombies that talk let alone...drive , dance , work...just piss me off .
 *And the bad guy...Holy crap !
 as horribly casted as he was...he be the good look zombie of all .
 which do n't say much.The Cover Art be good but very deceiving...as be the Main Menu of the DVD...great artwork and music.DON'T bother !
 I be not go to approach and critique the theory of Raw .
 I mean , this be a site about movie and whether the movie deliver or be well-made , and not a site debate philosophy.Having say that , this video really blow .
 it be one talking-head shot of Raw after another .
 some of it be archival video , so you can see how he have age over the year , and that be pretty cool .
 but , otherwise , the viewing experience be relentlessly monotonous.It be a strange comparison , but I keep think of the Sunday afternoon when I watch some of the Barbra Streisand star vehicle *Funny Lady* ( another really bad movie ) .
 after a while , I be so OD will on Barbra , I keep wish there would be one scene that she would n't appear in : you know , a 'meanwhile , other character in the movie be up to something else.. .
 ' moment .
 but it be all about Barbra .
 well this video be Raw 's *Funny Lady*.So , if your idea of a good time be to look at multiple take and angle of the face of Raw while he prattle on with his theory , assemble in a lame structure that do n't add any interest or insight , then be my guest .
 for me , I could n't take it after @card@ minute .
 so , I be wonder while watch this film , do the producer of this movie get to save money on Sandra Bullock 's wardrobe by drag out her 'before ' clothes from Miss Congeniality ?
 do Ms .
 Bullock also get to sleepwalk through the role by channel the 'before ' Gracie Hart ?
 as many reviewer have note before , the film be very formulaic .
 add to that the deja vu viewer experience with the character of Cassie Maywether as a somewhat dark Gracie Hart with more back story and it rapidly become a snooze fest.The two bad boy serial killer have be do before ( and good ) in other film .
 as have the 'good guy partner try to protect his partner despite the evidence ' character be see before .
 in fact none of the character in the film ever get beyond two dimension or try to be anything but trite stereotypes.One last peeve - use the term serial killer be false advertising .
 murder one person - even if it be a premeditate murder - do not make you a serial killer .
 you may have the potential to become a serial killer but you be not a serial killer or even a spree killer .
 when I read the back of the DVD case , I think that it sound really interesting.. .
 so.. .
 I have my mom throw it into the pile of movie in the '4 for @card@ dollar ' section at Blockbuster .
 when we get home and pop in the movie.. .
 twenty minute into it , we find ourselves turn to each other go 'this suck .
 let be put in something else .
 ' I will admit , a few of the line from the friend at the caf make us smile a little bit .
 but come on , at least get some decent actor !
 every once in a while in a movie , if the acting be bad and the movie be n't go at a painfully slow pace and actually seem interesting , I can gut it out and get a few laugh at how they be over(or under)doing their line .
 but I can only take so much .
 crying scene look like the actor be have hysterical fit of laughter , there be no delivery for their lines.. .
 amateur do n't even come close to the acting in this film.Anyone who come on here say that this film be good have to have be on some REALLY good drug while they be watch the movie .
 it be the most pointless thing I have ever have the displeasure of watch .
 do NOT WATCH Or BUY This Movie !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 your first clue that this be a cheesy movie be that it be shoot on video , not film .
 the story be convolute , and the production be amazingly sloppy .
 note , for example , that when the title couple be on a plane ostensibly landing in Vermont , where they have go to celebrate their relationship in a civil union ceremony , the plane be show come into an airport surround by palm tree .
 their ceremony - in Vermont - take place in a garden of tropical plant , include palm , which would n't last five minute in the New England climate .
 on yet another airplane trip , the establish shot depict a FedEx cargo plane take off .
 presumably they could only afford to travel in steerage .
 as for the plot , this movie expect you to believe that Victor , the devoutly Christian brother of Arthur , be kick out of his church when the congregation learn that his brother be gay .
 not only that , but the pastor eventually set Victor up with a hit man to have Ben and Arthur kill 'to purge their soul of sin .
 ' apparently no one in this church have ever hear of the ten commandment .
 be it not for Jamie Brett Gabel , who be surprisingly effective as Arthur , this movie would have no redeeming quality at all .
 this film have little to recommend it , though that little be the breathtaking scenery , cinematography and direction of wildlife , it be difficult to bring up its weak point in the company of such rave review .
 it be precisely these thing , however , that make the lack of a satisfactory plot and its execution so disappointing.I watch this with my child and none of us be too impress by the end .
 yes , the picture be great , the broad landscape across the forest and mountain magnificent , but what be go on in the foreground ?
 the rather dull narration of the stupidity of an insipid girl who learn all too slowly a very basic lesson about befriend wildlife - and get off quite easily give the track record of that sort of thing .
 it be certainly not a new story , in fact there be nothing remotely novel about the way it be tell , and we have all see this before , and , indeed , much more eloquently by Antoine de Saint-Exupry.The only thing really to be glean from this film be a sense of how to work with these wonderful lens and forest lighting ; the rest be a waste of time .
 this be the bad movie ever make .
 the acting , the script , the location , everything !
 I would have give it a little chance if there be attractive woman in the movie , but even they be bad .
 you would think that a movie with the word 'beach ' in it 's title would have good-looking woman in it .
 would n't you ?
 what on earth have become of our dear Ramu ?
 be this the same man who make Sarkar , Satya , and Comapny ?
 I refuse to believe so .
 if AAG be Ramu 's most ambitious project , he have clearly jump off the high cliff he have ascend by give the industry some of the great work of all time .
 this movie be make to fall like a brick .
 I be cringe to leave the theater , but I be force to sit because I would n't have be able to take my car out of the parking lot before other also leave .
 else , nothing would have make me sit beyond interval.This movie be nowhere close to Sholay .
 it do n't even come near it within a mile .
 I believe Ramu surely love the godfather more than Sholay , since Sarkar be a classic piece of work .
 I read Ramu 's interview a couple of day back , in which the interviewer say that Ramu do n't sleep for more than @card@ hour a day , that too not at a stretch .
 I completely agree with this now , as his lack of sleep have probably take its toll on the movie.There be no power in the performance .
 Amitabh Bachchan do n't even look scary .
 he look more terrifying in the few poster and wallpaper I see earlier .
 Ramu 's favorite Nisha Kothari do a fantastic job in Sarkar because she do n't have many dialog ( in fact none if I remember clearly ) .
 she open her mouth in this movie , and have find a place in history .
 the new guy play Jai 's role seem to have that brash look , but do n't manage Jai 's role at all .
 I cant go on.. .
 Im sorry.. .
 my pain be too big for me to manage right now.I promise myself throughout the movie that I will watch the original Sholay once more just to see that it be still there.Bottom Line : horrible movie .
 the medium and critic be go to cook Ramu 's goose .
 and just to remind all reader once more , I be one of the big Ramu fan , and even I cant spare him for this act .
 the concept be ok but hardly original .
 the act be plastic .
 but the real spoiler be that there be only one joke and a grubby one at that .
 this be a film for fourteen year old who have be let out on their own for the first time .
 do n't dare to watch it with your kid .
 I have see many good Korean movie include thriller and movie with dark overtone , but this one suck .
 the director seem to be a sadist , who happen to get someone to produce some junk .
 the movie lack any sort of entertainment value and be not even a thriller .
 I ca n't believe someone really make such a movie .
 even though act be OK , the story line and the feeling it leave be awful.I be sure , I be not go to see any movie of this director .
 no sense of movie make , and utter disappointment in have thriller moment .
 all this have be show scene with psychopath waste the reel with badly shoot scene and show more blood and violence thinking that make it thrilling .
 very disappointing movie and I strongly recommend skip all the movie of this sort .
 although Misty Ayers ( burlesque stripper ) be certainly attractive as the blonde lead , this flick be just an excuse to let her strip down to her underwear a few time ( no nudity in @card@ when this film be make ; not 1965).The guy who hire her to work in a whorehouse resemble Bud Abbott of Abbott & Costello .
 most of the other woman be unattractive , and the drunken woman be semi-amusing in a creepy way.A @card@ out of @ord@ Ms .
 Ayers have a curvacious physique , but you ca n't judge any act talent because the ENTIRE film be post-dubbed .
 some of these 'exploitation film ' , usually make later than this one , be interesting in some way , but this be really a bore fest .
 Sid Melton ( Make Room for DADDY ) direct .
 there be some Samurai-like facial expression and interesting apartment , but there be really NOTHING here .
 where to start...Oh yea , Message to the bad guy : when you first find the person you have be track ( in order to kill ) that witness a crime you commit , do n't spend time talk to her so that she have yet another opportunity to get away .
 message to the victim : when the thug be talk amongst themselves and argue , take that opportunity to 'RUN AWAY ' , do n't sit there and watch them until you make a noise they hear .
 message to the director : if someone have a @card@ or @card@ minute head start in a vehicle or on foot , you ca n't have the bad guy on their heel or bumper right away !
 time and motion do n't work that way .
 it would also be nice to think that a woman do n't have to brutally kill( @card@ ) man in order to empower herself to leave an abusive relationship at home .
 I watch this movie with some friend a couple month ago , I still laugh today think about some of the utter stupidity .
 the first few scene alone be hilarious .
 I wo n't spoil anything for those who wish to see it , I would n't want to ruin the laugh .
 needless to say the entire time I watch this movie I be try to figure out exactly what the point of anything the character in this movie be do .
 towards the end we all get bore however , as the initial hilarity and shock of a movie be this random wear off .
 there be no plot and not a trace of decent acting .
 the character be about as well develop as those in a kindergarten 'Learn to Read ' book .
 they even manage to make a lesbian sex scene uninteresting .
 the plot of 'Edison ' be decent , but one actor in particular ruin the entire film .
 Justin Timberlake ruin the film with every line he utter during the movie .
 he be by far one of the bad actor I have ever see , and should face the same fate as the entire F.R.A.T. squad.Whether it be an emotional scene , an action scene , or even a silent scene , Justin Timberlake manage to ruin it.Do not waste your time watch this film .
 do n't even bother downloading it , midget porn would be a much good choice.And Justin , if you be read this , stick to music .
 even though you be no good at that , you have do a wonderful job trick people into think you can actually sing .
 when Ritchie first burst on to movie scene his film be hail as funny , witty , well direct and original .
 if one could compare the hype he have generate with his first two attempt and the almost universal loathe his last two outing have create one should consider - have Ritchie be find out ?
 be he really that talented ?
 do he really have any genuine original idea ?
 or be he simply a pretentious and egotistical director who really want to be Fincher , Tarantino and Leone all roll into one colossal and disorganise heap ?
 after watch Revolver one could be excuse for think be do it all go wrong ?
 what happen to his great sense of humour ?
 where do he get all these mixed and convoluted idea from ?
 revolver try to be clever , philosophical and succinct , it try to be an intelligent psychoanalysis , it try to be an intricate and complicated thriller .
 Ritchie do make a gargantuan effort to fulfil all these many objective and invest great chunk of a script into existential musing and numerous plot twist .
 however , in the end all it serve be to construct a severely disjointed , unstructured and ultimately unfriendly film to the audience .
 its plagiarism be so sinful and blatant that although Ritchie do at least attempt to give his own spin he should be punish for even try to pass it off as his own work .
 so what the audience get ultimately be a terrible screenplay intertwine with many pretentious oneliners and clumsy setpieces.Revolver be ultimately an unoriginal and bland movie that have steal countless theme from masterpiece like Fight Club , Usual Suspects and Pulp Fiction .
 it aim high , but inevitably shot blank aplenty.Revolver deserve to be lambaste , it be a truly poor film masquerade as a wannabe masterpiece from a wannabe auteur .
 however , it fall flat on its farcical face and just fail at everything it want to be and achieve .
 even dull , if possible , than the original ( I hope I may say that under the IMDb guideline ) .
 the French connection at least try to absorb European influence , to complicate the conventional view of the American police detective , even if the attempt be founder by Friedkin 's ambivalence , Americaness and general indirection .
 the ( relative ) arthouse boom of the 1960s ( especially with the nouvelle vague ) allow for a huge influence of European cinema in Hollywood .
 this lend a new vigour and complexity to a weary medium , and , in the good of them ( eg Bonnie and Clyde , early Scorcese ) , a new subversion of receive practice .
 the original connection be part of this movement , with its difficultly distance style , and anti-detective figure .
 two be old Hollywood 's right-wing reassertion of American values.This be figure in the film be very tiresome America vs France dialectic .
 for instance , TWO be shoot like a 70s French policier .
 it be the French , of course , who insist on the greatness of American movie when they be ignore at home , and this , in a sense , be a reclamation , a warning against Gallic presumption .
 this can be see in the pattern of the two movie .
 connection have French gangster invade New York , with the French style smother the American thriller - this lead to the dissolution of the detective figure , and irresolution of plot - the baddie get away.TWO have the American return to France , with American thriller value impose on the native genre - the power of the detective be reassert and conventional resolution be achieve .
 this be further dramatise in Doyle 's relationship with French inspector Barthelmy , whose dominant influence he must shake off before he can control the plot.TWO seem to follow the original by undermine its detective hero .
 from the start , Doyle 's importance be diminish at every turn .
 despite the ending of CONNECTION , he be consider a hero .
 but he be an American in a foreign land , and his inability to control language or custom mean he can dominate the plot .
 he even misread the sign of the police force , mistake an informer for a criminal , and get him killed.A detective 's power come from his power as subject to see and interpret , but Doyle spend much of the movie be watch , control , an object , a body ( literally in the scene after he be dump by Charnier ) to be view and interpret .
 in connection , he instigate the action , chase the criminal , force the plot ; here he be passive , tie to a bed , lock in a cell , an addict , a dependent.This loss of phallic power be predictably symbolise in the loss of his gun , and the film follow a depressingly familiar Oedipal trajectory .
 in the heroin sequence , he be comfort by an old lady who say he look like her son .
 his drug state be like a return to the womb , rob of adult pressure .
 her take his watch reinforce the timelessness of this state , doubly significant for a man whose career depend on timetable and precision.Oedipus be the first detective , and to avoid his fate , Doyle must reject this false mother who be dissolve his unified identity , and kill the father ( Charnier ) so that he can take his accepted masculine role in society .
 psychoanalytic theory be popular among academic in the 70s(ironically instigate by a Frenchman , Jacques Lacan ) , but it be rare to see a film so literally full of it.If all of these fact tend towards the minimise of Doyle , then the film 's style do n't .
 Friedkin distance us from his hero by refuse empathy or character motivation , focus on the mechanic of plot .
 here , Doyle be a very conventional Hollywood hero .
 instead of be lose in murky long shot , he be make knowable and understandable to the viewer with the traditional device - point-of-view shot , close up , connect shot etc.TWO be all about the fall and rise of Popeye Doyle .
 plot in this case be subservient to the acting , which be the usual Hackman showiness .
 the cold turkey scene , therefore , despite their tediousness , be not disturbing .
 we be allow to share rather than coldly observe ; this a far less discomfort experience .
 the scene be also shoot through with a lachrymose manly sentimentality that be very American.So while CONNECTION try to imitate the complex thriller of Jean Pierre Melville , TWO do the complete opposite .
 Melville 's Le SAMOURAI feature a gangster who start the film whole , powerful , outside language , and chart his eventual disintegration .
 two start with a disintegrate character , achieve partly through inability with language , whose dominance begin when he step outside language - the conclude action sequence be largely wordless.In the film , the locale and language be important as they fix and undermine the detective , but as he regain his power ( figure in the return of his gun , and the cathartic burning of the primal site of vulnerability , the tower block where Charnier hold him ) , the Marseilles setting become more irrelevant , and the mythic stand-off , which could take place anywhere , take over .
 compare the ending of the two film : one admit ambiguity and despair , the other absolute certainty .
 I never finish this movie for a reason , it be dreadful and thats just the acting .
 I be n't even sure what the film be about tbh it do n't make a lot of sense and the violence be awful .
 I mean ususally i like some nude in a film ( lol ) but it be just sick because of what be happen .
 all the character annoy me and it be just full of loud scream and the camera be shake at part and it look like a sequel to the blair with project but without any good quality .
 this be one of the bad movie i have see in a long time and would like my time back please .
 i would n't recommend this film to anyone or even consider it .
 ( N ) this film be base on the novel by John Fante .
 could someone please tell me why ?
 I see absolutely no reason why this fine book should be adapt in this way .
 if you want to make a romantic melodramatic Hollywood production with Colin Farell and Selma Hayek , then how could you possibly make a connection to Ask The Dust ( the novel ) ?
 -And if you want to make this story into a film , then why would you want to make it into a romantic melodramatic Hollywood production with Colin Farell and Selma Hayek ?
 I do n't get it.The adaptation of the story be poorly make , and if you have read the book and like it , I be almost sure you wo n't like what Towne do with it.In the beginning of the film you will maybe find the casting odd , the act bad and the cinematography just a bit overdo .
 but you hope for the good .
 I really hope a lot during this film .
 I actually want it to be good .
 but it only get bad , and it be as simple as that : whether you read Fantes novel or not , this be not a good film .
 just another romantic melodramatic Hollywood production combine with bad acting , lack of structure and - of course - plenty of shot of Colin Farells naked butt.I could complain a lot more about this film , but why waste my time .
 I have see it .
 alright .
 I have to see it , because I like the book so much and be curious .
 and I be very disappointed.1/10 be for Colin 's sweet little mustache in the end of the film .
 so sweet.. .
 have he wear it the whole time through , I have give it @card@ .
 do n't let the title trick you into watch this movie .
 I read the title , see that it come on in the middle of the night , and figure it be one of those soft porn movie .
 this movie be bad .
 if you like soft porn movie , then I be sorry to say this be n't one .
 there be a lot of sex but nothing show and they only last for @card@ second or so .
 this movie could be use in film class in a 'How not to script a B-Movie ' course .
 there be inherent constriction in a B-movie : budget be tight , Time be precious ( Scarecrow be apparently shoot in @card@ day ) and the actor be often green and inexperienced .
 the one aspect you have complete control over be write the good script you can within the limitation set before you .
 scarecrow 's script seem to have be write in a drunken haze .
 I could go through about fifteen example of the nonsensical script of this movie , but I will just mention one : the Gravedigger .
 the character of the gravedigger be introduce about an hour into the movie .
 he seemingly have no connection to any of the other character already in the movie .
 he be show with his daughter , who also have no connection to anybody else in the movie .
 the gravedigger be give a couple scene to act surly in and then be kill to pad out the body count .
 why give the Gravedigger a daughter ?
 why give the daughter a boyfriend ?
 why introduce them so late in the movie ?
 why not try to make them part of the ongoing storyline ?
 scarecrow do n't seem to care.The 'story ' of Scarecrow go something like this : Lester be a high school kid ( play by and actor who will I will peg to be in his early @card@ 's ) who be pick on by the other kid .
 he be an artist who draw bird and have a crush on a classmate name Judy .
 his mom be a lush and the town whore .
 one of her reprobate boyfriend make fun of his drawing ( by call him a 'faggot ' for draw bird instead of 'monsters and cowboy .
 ' if you have a high school student still draw cowboy I will think him to more likely be gay than a high school student who draw crow ) and later , kill Lester , in a cornfield , under the titular scarecrow .
 magically , Lester 's soul go into the scarecrow .
 somehow , this transference change Lester 's soul from that of an artist into that of a wisecrack gymnast ( I know some review have call the scarecrow a Kung-Fu scarecrow .
 I disagree .
 the scarecrow practically do a whole floor routine before jump onto the truck during the climax of the movie ) .
 the scarecrow then go on to kill those who torment him , those who smoke pot in the corn field , those who dig grave , boyfriend of daughter of gravediggers , pretty much anyone who show up on the movie set.The bonus feature on the DVD should be mention .
 the director ( a Frenchman ) do an impromptu version of rap music , admit he enjoy not have executive around on set so he can screw his wife while working and give a quote to live by ( and I be paraphrase ) : 'Life ez a bitch , but et have a great ass'Number of Beers I drink while watch this movie : @card@ do it help : no Number of Beers need to enjoy this movie : whatever it take to get to blackout drunk level .
 wow , I just finally manage , after several attempt , to finish watch this god awful movie , only to learn that Rick Sloane and his production team have complete a straight-to-video sequel this year.Of all movie review by MST3K--and they truly dig from the bottom of the barrel , screen the reputationally bad 'Manos , ' 'Werewolf , ' 'The incredibly strange , ' and the lesser know disaster like 'Laserblast , ' 'Zombie Nightmare , ' and 'Time Chasers,'--this certainly have to be the absolute big pile of garbage they have ever show ( which make it perfect for riff ) .
 very simple , the movie be about a bunch of Munchies-like gremlin on the loose , exploit people 's desire for fame , fortune , prowess , and of course , sex in way that end up with people get kill .
 but this be the kind of movie where the acting be so ridiculous ( a test of machismo , for example , be illustrate by two guy who battle in the front yard with garden tool ) , the writing be so forced ( such as the oft-described scene of a gremlin hang on the arm of one girl who would notice it , if only she turn her head a quarter to the left.. .
 and this be n't the first time in the movie this happen ) , and the story be so.. .
 rarely give attention ( hence the MST3K riff about a 'law in the future where film have to be make by filmmakers ) , that you actually root for the furry puppet to kill off everyone on screen .
 bad movie.. .
 ever .
 in the Comic , Modesty be strong .
 Alexandra Staden who play Modesty Blaise look more like an anorectic fashion model .
 she do not either have the moral or personality that Modesty have in the comic .
 modesty would never give a woman an advice to show more skin to earn more money .
 I can see any similarity with my comic book with Modesty and this movie .
 its like a Mission Impossible movie would be about Ethan Hunt lock in the detention room in high school talk with the janitor about when he go to junior high school and Hunt would have be play by DJ Qualls ( in Road Trip ) .
 Soo if you be an Modesty fan do not see the movie you will just get angry .
 if do not know much about the Modesty comic rend an other movie do not be your time with this one.I can understand how Quentin Tarantino can put his name on it .
 I will ask for a refund at my DVD rent store tomorrow .
 SpoilersWow , end of the World be a singularly underwhelming cinematic experience.Here be the full story : a scientist be get message from space ( a la Independence Day ) .
 the message say stuff like a massive disaster be about to happen and then the scientist hear later on the radio that a huge earthquake just happen in China .
 he start think that the message have something to do with the disaster around the world so he be try to figure out who be receive the message ( and who be also send out message in space ) .
 he and his wife eventually figure out that the message come from a convent .
 they visit it .
 everything look normal , include the priest play by a bored Christopher Lee .
 but the scientist be adamant and really believe that the message be come from and go to that convent .
 so he and his wife secretly go back to the convent where they be catch snoop around by the alien , disguise as priest and nun .
 they be hold against their will and the alien play by Lee force the scientist to get something they need in order for them to return to their planet .
 once the alien get the special element , the alien all depart one by one to their home planet in some sort of tacky look transporter platform .
 Lee , be the last alien left , tell the couple that the earth will be destroy because of some sort of hokey decision by the alien .
 Lee walk in the transporter and he be go .
 the couple , look at the monitor that show stock footage of natural disaster occur all over the world , decide to follow the alien .
 because earth be doom , the couple do n't see any point of stay behind so they walk in the transporter and disappear .
 the last shot of the movie be a papier mache planet earth explode .
 the end.That 's it.I have never see such a dull movie in my life .
 it be the most underwhelming movie I have ever experience .
 the scientist and his wife be two of bad hero or protagonist ever put on screen .
 they do n't care about anything .
 they see the earth disaster on the monitor and decide 'what the heck , who need earth anyway ?
 ' they do n't even try to stop them or do something to make thing well .
 this kind of story might have work if the film have an overwhelming sense of doom to everything but the action and atmosphere be nonexistent .
 the actor and the folk behind this dull flick be go through their pace , so much so that you can almost feel when they punch their card when they get off and return to work .
 I be n't expect much with this movie because it be a Charles Band production , but I do n't expect it to be this bad.Christopher Lee be once ask what be his bad film he ever make and he mention Starship invasion .
 well , I be sorry Chris but Starship invasion be actually goofy fun .
 Starship invasion be terrible but terribly entertaining .
 end of the World be Much , Much , Much worst : it be beyond dull and inert , with No entertainment value whatsoever .
 there can be no question of spoiler for this movie , the director beat us all too and spoil this movie in oh so many ways.A blatant rip-off of stuff like Critters and Gremlins , this movie fail on so many level to recapture the humour and horror of those good make film .
 it end up a sleazy waste of time , where bad actor deliver bad dialogue in front of an idiot director , who occasionally toss stuffed toy at them .
 they wrestle with say toy in much the same manner as old Tarzan film use to use rubber crocodile , shake them whilst scream and try their good to make it look slightly threatening .
 it be painful to watch , and not help by the mental @card@ 's fashion wear by the cast.Basically , some crazy little alien who have be trap by an age security guard in a film lot finally get free after umpteen year confinement , and begin to telepathically screw around with people mind .
 the guard new recruit , the idiot who let them out despite repeated warning , get his gang of @card@ 's friend together and they go off and have minor adventure together while try to recapture the Grem.. .
 Hobgoblins.All life be here , with the gang consist of a knucklehead jock , his @card@ 's slut girlfriend , the 'hero 's frigid and prissy girlfriend , and the young hero , lack in confidence and wish his girlfriend would put out anyway.First off come the infamous rake fight scene , where the ex-military jock show how he be train in the army to be a bully , poke the nerdy hero with the wrong end of a rake for what seem like hour .
 then there be some run around , terminate in a real pie-fight style end in a scuzzy nightclub with comedy hand-grenade blow up everything except the people stand right next to them .
 then the film sorta end , and all well that end well.It be not .
 this be like watch a train wreck , you cant take your eye off it , it be so bad .
 perfect fare for Mystery Science Theater , but god-awful should you try to watch it alone and uncut .
 the Fashion Police still have a number of outstanding warrant for the cast , and I dare anyone not to laugh in outright derision at the rake fight .
 this score @card@ out of @card@ at most , on a good day .
 there be no reason to see this movie .
 a good plot idea be handle very badly .
 in the middle of the movie everything change and from there on nothing make much sense .
 the reason for the killing be not make clear .
 the acting be awful .
 Nick Stahl obviously need a good director .
 he be excellent in in the bedroom , but here he be terrible .
 Amber Benson from Buffy , have to change her character someday .
 even those of you who enjoy gratuitous sex and violence will be disappoint .
 even though the movie be @card@ minute , which be too short for a good movie ( but too long for this one),there be no delete scene in the DVD which mean they never bother to fill in the miss part to the characters.Do n't spend the time on this one .
 I be one of the big fan of silent comedian and have probably review more Buster Keaton film for IMDb than any other person .
 every film he make from the beginning of his career to the early 30s with only two exception have I review , so you can tell I be a major fan .
 it be because of this that I find this episode so painful and hard to watch .
 I love this man 's film and keep think 'Buster , how could you ?
 !
 ' .
 well , now that I think about it , I guess I can see why Buster Keaton star in this god-awful episode of the TWILIGHT Zone .
 he have lose much of his fortune after a messy divorce in the early 1930s and his film career as a lead man be long pass as well .
 now , in the 1960s , Keaton need the money and love his resurgence in popularity so he whore himself out to anyone willing to pay--appearing in Beach film and this mess of an episode of a great series.The big problem with the episode be that it be just terribly write and Buster deserve much good .
 the show be suppose to be funny but be n't and instead of a homage to silent film be just painful to watch--particularly with Keaton put that stupid time travel helmet on as well as all the poorly execute slapstick .
 do yourself a favor , Skip This ONE--it be a pale imitation of the greatness that once be Keaton 's career !
 !
 !
 this movie be terrible .
 throughout the whole movie , I be puzzle and do not see any point to it .
 I have to go to this site and read the review to finally understand what it be about .
 this movie be not worth watching at all .
 not only be it sick and revolting but totally STUPID !
 please do n't watch unless you be one of those that like to watch bad movie .
 if this movie question Japanese society and their value and role , than this be a country that i would not like to visit or bother to know .
 this be a totally sick movie !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 I do not enjoy it because it make no sense .
 my boyfriend and I sit there wait to see if it be a horror because that be what it be list under .
 it be total disappointment .
 simply put , this be the bad movie since 'Police Academy : mission to Moscow ' ( if you like that movie you will probably like this one).What be they thinking ?
 some idea should stay just that , an idea .
 the fact that this idea could itself to film should be a criminal offense.What be so bad about it I hear you ask .
 one word ... EVERYTHING.Cost to Hire : $4.50 cost in Time to Watch : @card@ MinutesI want a refund on both !
 anyone who love the two classic novel by Edward Ormondroyd will be disappoint in this film .
 all the magic and romance have be modernize out of his original story of a girl who do a good deed for a mysterious old lady , and give 'three ' in return .
 three what ?
 not three wish , but three ride into the @card@ be on a rickety elevator...The first novel be time at the top .
 the second be all in Good Time .
 okay , I struggle to set aside the fact that in sell EVP as real the movie be basically lie to me from the get-go .
 I reason that hell , I do n't believe in vampire but I still like Dracula so I could live with this.However , even with that accept the movie be just not very good .
 it be competently make and act , but it do n't really capture you at all .
 there be several 'jump ' moment , and I just look at them and think 'yeah , I do n't expect that ' without actually jump in the slightest.Also the resolution do n't make sense .
 if the force behind this be capable of do the thing it seem to be , then why the hell do it need to use a proxy ?
 plus , the end caption be absurd .
 they obviously put it there as part of the 'give the movie credibility by claim it be all real ' thing , but for that to work it really need to be at the start .
 but they ca n't put it at the start because then they give the plot away.. .
 stick it in at the end just make it stick out like a sore thumb .
 I actually feel bad for the actor in this thing .
 no doubt a high school drama class could do a good job or at the very least as well a job .
 the actor must have think this would be their big chance work in a film , it certainly be not .
 besides the terrible act the story be boring and for the most part predictable .
 the one about the remote control do n't even make any sense .
 to bad cause it have the good premise in the bunch.I be all for support low budget film and give new film maker a fair chance , but this turkey be a waste of time and an insult to the viewer .
 I only watch it because of some good comment post here .
 they must have be plant by people with tie to the film .
 you may fool people into watch this , but you ca n't fool them into like what they saw.I give it a @card@ instead of a @card@ because at least the boxer story try to be heart warming .
 sure it fail miserably , but it try .
 I reserve @card@ S for the bad of the worst.Do yourself a favor and skip this dribble .
 I wish I have .
 I try to finish this film three time , but it be god awful .
 case in point : mom and daughter drive up to the bed and breakfast,mom stop for gas , crazy gas station weirdo mad at her hubby whose run the B&B ; try to rape her .
 she escape , head to B&B ; and instead of hubby go ballistic and she want to call the cop , story just continue with lukewarm behavior on both their part .
 Wow.Other action logic deficit abound .
 act be also lukewarm , and the next door neighbor 's warning be deliver in a really corny , badly act moment.Moments of intense gore/death unevenly interweave with lukewarm scene of time-filler interplay between characters.Less focus on gore , more focus on mood and story would have be appreciate .
 if the writer/director be read this ( and I imagine you be since you should now be out of work ) then I must tell you - I have see some bad movie in my time but this one get the distinction of have the bad premise I have ever heard.SPOILERS - Nothing happen !
 a total waste of time .
 I laugh out loud at the end.SIDE note - ( if the whole movie be her in a coma then do the scene where she sleep with that guy mean someone rape her while she be knock out ?
 )Utter rubbish .
 I see this trailer and think to myself my god be this movie for real , who would want to see this movie and at the same time i think that , my girl friend turn to me and say 'we have to go see this movie'...enough say so i see this about @card@ minute go and I try to put on a brave face and enjoy the cheap scare but there be n't even any of those .
 it have to be one of the bad movie I have ever see the director have no influence no perspective the same shot be use again and again he do not build up suspense the cast probably be simply tell scream cry run fall .
 I would love to see the script as the first @card@ min be mostly annoy girly giggle and bad music , there be absolutely no character development.The plot be just...well there be no plot it be basically I know we will terrorize a high school group on their prom night with a stalker serial killer , that be brilliant !
 hmmm the act be what you expect in a Australian soap opera hopeless , that main character the Blondie god dam she annoy me .
 her long line must have be half a sentence , and every time she be on camera she be just pull another rude facial expression.Please listen to me if you have any taste in movie do n't go see this , and if your like me and do n't have a choice well then I wish you good luck , maybe smuggle in an ipod or magazine .
 can n't believe this film get make !
 do not see this movie if you value your mind .
 at the end of our collective viewing , me and my friend estimate that we each lose @card@ % of our brain during its course .
 the only person involve with its making that be not clinically insane be the set designer.Most movie leave a bad taste in your mouth .
 I realize now that instead of a feeling of revulsion , this movie have breed a deep hatred within me .
 I hate this movie so very , very much.Some might say this movie be not mean to be take seriously .
 if only it do n't take itself seriously .
 but it do .
 the plot be a warm over version of Blade Runner-esque universe meld with the cheap rubber suit so prevalent in bad dinosaur movie .
 the dialogue be not only puerile and meaningless but often literally painful .
 whoopee Goldberg be n't even try , but George Newbern as the voice of Theodore Rex be like fingernail on the soul .
 and whether its Juliet Landua with her off again on again British accent or Richard Roundtree ( aka shaft ) as the bluster Commissioner , you will sink into an ever increase sense of incredulity and disillusionment.I recommend this movie only to anyone who wish to see the depth of stupidity to which mankind may fall .
 I expect the same excitement as I SPIT ON YOUR Grave but I be let down by just junk how can you even call this a movie ( its kinda of a mini porno ) .
 it make my sick when the guy be make to eat his own business .
 there be no story line to it at all it jump to quickly from each murder .
 if you like see a woman naked or even mens part then there be spot in the movie for and there be even a masturbation spot in the movie which make it a porno and not a movie at all .
 I have see some dumb movie in my time but this be number @card@ .
 I want be watch it again at all .
 the actor even look bore during the movie to me so they probably be in need of money badly to make this movie .
 I love Anthony Hopkins as an actor so I be very interested to see how he would do as a writer/director .
 I could not have be more disappoint by this move .
 the movie be so disjoint and the cinematography be so over do to the point I want to pull the plug out of the wall .
 the actor be very good but it be such a waste of talent .
 not all actor be cut out to be writer or director and clearly Mr .
 Hopkins fall into this category .
 of all the movie I have ever see in my @card@ year , this be absolutely the bad movie ever .
 please do us all a favor Mr .
 Hopkins and stick to act , which you be excellent at , and leave the write and direct to those who be talented in those area .
 if I could give this movie a rating less than one I certainly would .
 I think that my Favorite Martian be very boring and draw out !
 !
 it be not funny at all .
 the audience just sit through the whole movie and do n't laugh at all !
 !
 !
 not even the kid laugh !
 !
 that be sad for a Disney movie !
 !
 I think they could have find somebody well to play the Martian rather than Christopher Lloyd !
 !
 he be really stupid !
 !
 and he be not funny !
 !
 I think the talk suit be really dumb !
 !
 !
 in the original television series the suit do n't talk and move around !
 !
 in my opinion they should not have waste their time on this movie !
 !
 I give it two thumbes down !
 !
 really a waste of time and I would not recommend the movie to anybody !
 !
 !
 thank you !
 !
 when evaluate documentary that focus a relatively small group of ugly ultra right wing and conservative group like this in the USA you must consider the following .
 the United States of America with its population of @card@ million and its complex history as an aspiring democracy and its hope and desire to uphold human right that it have its failing and downside .
 it be of course expect that extreme right wing group and ultra conservative group exist in sizable number however relative to the size of its population they be very small and isolated .
 on a per capita basis Europe , Britain and even Australia have similar right wing group in fact on a per-capta basis the actual size of Neo-Nazi group in Australia be actually high than in the United States of America .
 it be for the above reason that it be unjustifiable to demean and vilify the American people and their level of debate in Educated American Society by very fraudulently and deceptively present this ultra-right wing bunch of psychopath as be representative of American Society .
 by do so Greenstreet , deliberately choose small and isolated group at opposite end of the spectrum to construct an image of America that be an outrageous and deliberate sensationalist lie .
 this film be clearly design to inflame and pander to the view of people who harbor this subconscious and morbid hate the American people and way of life under the guise of spurist fashionable and clich idealist leave wing ideology .
 this film be make for profit not for further the truth about American Society and the Human condition .
 Greenstreet can make documentary that focus on ultra right wing conspiracy , the Military Industrial complex but fail miserably to present an intelligent and balanced factual debate let alone alternative solution to the failing of a vibrant democracy .
 Movie Show be expose as Anti American by its support for this trash .
 sensationalism at its bad anti -USA garbage shameful .
 the Bloodsucker Leads the dance - what a laughable title , it be so utterly mislead .
 it be not surprising that the film-makers try and mislead us though because this be one terrible movie.The story basically involve a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.Very little happen in this film .
 and when something do wake the viewer from his stupor , it invariably be unintentional comedy in the form of atrocious dialogue deliver by a hopeless group of voice-artists .
 these guy be so bad they make the actor they deliver voice for appear like a group of remedial-level moron .
 it really be hard to determine how bad the acting be when you have dub this abysmal .
 but the voice-artists can be blame for the script .
 it be a travesty .
 unintentionally funny at good , pathetic at bad .
 the story in general be , to say the least , uneven .
 the woman character be particularly idiotic ; the man be either creepy or tedious.The whole enterprise smack of pure exploitation of the audience .
 it do n't remotely deliver what it promise and even when the murder ( finally ) start happen , they all occur off screen .
 all we get be a few half-hearted sever head shots.A few people have say that this movie be a giallo .
 I can agree less with this opinion .
 anyone who enjoy Italian thriller should give this movie a wide berth as there be nothing remotely thrill about it .
 it be basically a soft-core porn film with a horror angle .
 but it be not very erotic either.I ca n't recommend this to anyone .
 I know , I know , 'Plan @card@ from Outer Space ' be the bad movie , or maybe 'Manos , the Hands of Fate .
 ' but I ca n't get work up over those sock-monkey movie .
 of *course* they be bad .
 how could they be any good ?
 but if you be talk about movie with respectable production value and bankable talent , the T. rex of all turkey have to be 'Yentl .
 ' all the treacly phoniness , all the self-absorbed asininity , that stain everything Barbra Streisand have do since @card@ , reach its culmination in this movie .
 from its lonely summit of awfulness , 'Yentl ' look back to 'A Star be bear ' and forward to 'The Mirror Has Two Faces .
 ' there be nothing else quite like it .
 what emotional undertow drag Streisand out to make this movie I would rather not speculate , and what audience she be play to I can possibly imagine , although I will bet there be a nine in ten chance you be n't a member of it.Nobel Prize-winner and saintly guardian of Yiddish literature Isaac Bashevis Singer be so outrage by what Streisand do to his story that he blast her in public for it .
 it be a tribute to Streisand 's impenetrable vulgarity that she not only do n't commit suicide , but go on to make more awful movie .
 major League : back To THE Minors ( @card@ ) *Starring : Scott Bakula , Eric Bruskotter , Corbin Bernsen , Dennis Haysbert , Jensen Daggett , Written and direct by John Warren @card@ minute rate PG-13 ( for language and some violence)By Blake French:Believe it or not , in the new John Warren comedy 'MAJOR League : back To THE Minors ' there be one funny scene .
 it consist of a sequence where an infuriate coach throw a baseball hard into the wall behind him only to have it hit the cement and bounce back and smash him in the face .
 it be not much , but with the exception of a few one-liner , it be all this film have to offer...enough said.This movie be not only structurally impair , characteristically undeveloped , predictable and badly write , but also just plain bad .
 even non-critical audience member will hate this movie with all that they get .
 it be so familiar it just be n't funny.How many time do the same movie about sport have to be make ?
 last year we see this same material in 'Air Bud : Golden Receiver , ' and as bad as that film be , this be even bad .
 at least 'Air Bud ' be family orient .
 'Major League back to the Minors ' be too vulgar for a wholesome family to view together on a Sunday afternoon .
 it be too childish for adult .
 so who be this film for ?
 teenager ?
 elderly ?
 people who be so desperate for entertainment they would rent something like this ?
 the film , like many other like this , have one basic point it try to make : teamwork conquer all .
 yes it do , and what a great moral to try to prove .
 too bad we have already see and except it so many time over and over have such little talent and intelligence that their cheerleader be man in a ballerina costume .
 where the silly announcer form their own 'buddy comedy routine ' mutter one liner to themselves like 'They suck , ' 'This kid fast ball be time with an hour glass , ' 'This guy drop out of ball for a while to find something he lost--maybe it be his mind , ' 'Somebody need a nap , ' and 'ever see a sunset as beautiful as that play .
 ' where the character have such little significance to each other that we never know them by name .
 and where the only heartfelt lecture scene about teamwork be so unknowledgeable that it be almost funny.'Major League Back to the minor ' be so bad ; it stall its trite end right in the middle of a good closing sequence .
 the good baseball team be on a comeback , they be about to win and--the power go out .
 I be think for a minute that this piece of trash have come to a conclusion , but in reality , its false final scene exist only to add minute to the run time .
 the movie basically consist of a series of unrelated sketch that throw in so many putrid joke it be be not funny .
 there be another kind-of-funny line of dialogue that have a coach and a player talk to each other about why a long time outfielder be not want in that position any longer .
 the coach 's answer : 'You be too old , too slow , and too fat .
 ' the player 's reaction be to die for .
 but that scene certainly do not make this movie noteworthy of you time , and certainly be not worth a cent of your money.So here be another dreadful entre into this genre of film , another that be doom with its own script , which be fail before see , and another which be so familiar it seem like deja vu all over again .
 this movie begin with an ordinary funeral.. .
 and it insist so hard on this ordinary funeral feel that i lose interest within @card@ minute of watch , and start skip scene .
 it seem to me whomever make this movie be afflict to the extent of become trap in a permanent morbid trance , unable to contemplate anything else but death and destruction .
 well , i ai n't one of the dark kid from Southpark , i want a movie that within @card@ minute get me well into an interesting story , i wo n't sit and watch @card@ minute of nothing but preparation for a funeral. .
 my grandma on her last year be fascinate by funeral , perhaps she might have enjoy this 'movie ' .
 okay , so , someone , somewhere , a few year ago , think it would be a good idea to make a 3D Imax movie about some fly stow away aboard the Apollo @card@ and go to the moon .
 so they do .
 someone , somewhere , be an idiot.I want to give the artist prop for do their homework on the hardware .
 as far as I can tell , the rocket and the launch hardware be bang on .
 the graphics in general be pretty good - the rocket launch give me chill , like a good rocket launch always do ( my Popular Mechanics flying-car gearhead blood still run strong ) and the 3D be pretty effective .
 the CG be n't Pixar-quality , but it be generally good .
 the fly be kinda mediocre anthropomorphics , with some half-assed late-60s character throw in for colour ( hippie fly , African-American fly with giant afros and black shade , etc .
 ) and the maggot look more like grub with human baby head ( although they make suitably gross squelch noises).The scriptwriter certainly do not do their homework , rely on offensive and outdated clichs ( 60s gender politics include mostly-useless female character , racial stereotype , evil Russians , a fat fly who only want to eat , grade-two level gross-out humour ) .
 in a movie aim for Imax , they blow a wonderful opportunity to sneak in some educational content about physics and space travel - they do n't get their physics right ( zero-g in the Lunar Module during landing burn ?
 please .
 ) they could n't even be bother to read the original radio transcript between Houston and the astronaut , all of which be in the public domain ; instead they write their own dialogue , which sound like crap.But we like the maggots.So they get a point and a half for rocket and maggot .
 uh , yay .
 @card@ .
 I love B movies..but come on....this be n't even worth a grade...The ending be dumb...b/c THERE WAS No REAL ENDING !
 !
 !
 ..not to mention that it come to life on its own...I mean no lighting storm or crazy demonic power ?
 ?
 slow as hell and then they just start kill off the character one by one in like a @card@ min time period...and i wo n't even start on the part of the thing kill the one guy without its head....and then you do n't even get to see what Jigsaw even do with his so call 'new jigsaw puzzle'....Unless you have nothing well to do...Id watch paint dry before Id recommend this god-forsaken movie to anyone else...oh and to make it even good the other movie totem you can see the guy throw the one creature in the basement scene from the window..that be funny as hell and probably the only good part of watch that waste of film it be frequently say that movie can never equal the original book .
 well , in this case , not only the movie be not 'as good ' as the book , but be an insult to the book .
 I will rather see Milan Kundera 's novel turn on fire than into this 'something , ' which the director probably call 'adaptation.'All the beautiful philosophy that ask 'is it better to carry a heavy load on your shoulder , or cope with the unbearable lightness of be ?
 ' be put aside , and instead , all the movie deal with be Daniel Day Lewis ' ( I can say Tomas ) sexual adventure with his dumb wife , his mistress , and his other mistress .
 Franois Truffaut already say it : bad director make bad movie .
 do n't waste your time and money .
 read the book instead , it be really worth it .
 the concept of the legal gray area in Love Crimes contribute to about @card@ % of the movie 's appeal ; the other @card@ % can be attribute to it 's flagrant bad-ness .
 to say that Sean Young 's performance as a so-called district attorney be wooden be a gross understatement .
 with her bland suit and superfluous hair gel , Young do a decent job at convince the audience of her devout hatred for man .
 why else would she ask her only friend to pose as a prostitute just so she can arrest cop who try to pick up on them ?
 this hatred be also the only reason why she relentlessly pursue a perverted photographer who give woman a consensual thrill and the drive force behind this crappy movie .
 watch Young go from frigid to full-frontal nudity do little to raise interest , but the temper tantrum she throw stand next to a fire by a lake do .
 watch her rant and rave about her self-loathing and sexual frustration make Love Crimes worth the rental fee , but it be all downhill to and from there .
 despite her urge to bring Patrick Bergin 's character to justice , her police skill completely escape her in the throes of her own tired lust and passion .
 Patrick Bergin do a decent enough job as a slimy sociopath ; if it work in Sleeping with the enemy it sure as hell can work in this .
 but I ca n't help but wonder if the noticeable lack of energy Young bring to the film conflict with his sliminess .
 I be guess it do and the result be a 'thriller ' with thrill that be thoroughly bad and yet comedic .
 there be n't one decent scene.Amy Adams give one of the bad performance of all time .
 proof that you a can start anywhere .
 the guy play Sebastian suck , too .
 he do n't even look much like Ryan Phillipe .
 more like Joshua Jackson .
 the two other girl be terrible , as well.Then the dialogue be also crap.Sebastian ( about to have threesome ) : if you cant beat them...Virgin Girl : who say you ca n't beat them ?
 Lame.The ending contradict the entire plot of the original .
 in the first film , it be clearly state that Kathryn and Sebastian never have sex .
 one of the reason Sebastian want Kathryn so bad , aside from the fact that she be play by Sarah Michelle Gellar , be that she be 'the only girl he could n't have and it kill him ' .
 she be a tease who like play with him .
 the fact that she never give it to him increase his want .
 then in this P.O.S. , it imply that he Can have her , along with a girl on the side .
 what ?
 and we do n't even see the sex , either .
 it be imply , make it not only stupid , pointless , and contradictory , but worthless too.And in the first one , Kathryn reject Sebastian because he fall in love , make him a loser .
 even though he win the bet , that crumble his chance .
 then in this excrement , he loose and fall in love .
 so she do n't screw 'losers ' , only complete loser ?
 another thing : it be state that Sebastian have never be in love , so what do you call the thing with Virgin Girl ?
 then at the end , virgin girl be all of sudden reveal to be Kathryn 's evil lesbian lover ( dun dun dun ) and , like I say , they go into a lame offscreen threesome .
 Stupid.There 's several other plot contradiction .
 do the writer even see the first film ?
 a @card@ year old can point his stuff out.After the threesome , Sebastian have sex with the blonde virgin , corrupt her innocent mind in the back of a limo while Kathryn and Virgin Girl Turned Evil Lesbian in Lame Sudden Plot Twist sit in the front , listen , and smile evilly into the camera.The end...Seeing Sebastian become the ass hole he be in the first one could have make an interesting film .
 I guess all it take to make little Sebastian bad be a threesome with two hot girl .
 interesting .
 I hate to even waste the time it take to write @card@ line on this atrocity .
 Hyung-Rae Shim be lucky that bad film-making be n't a capital crime or he will be put to death twice for write and direct this disaster .
 I be amaze that this film have a $75m budget , but actually glad in the sense that it be such a tremendous flop , that Shim will hopefully , never get to make another movie the rest of the life and , therefore , not waste any more of filmgoers time .
 I would think the actor would have get together and lynch him by now.With the effect resource available to them , a great film could have be make with this budget .
 as usual , the failure should have be spot at the very beginning with the terrible script and story .
 'Transformers ' be another visual feast with a weak script , but this make it look like 'Citizen Kane ' .
 Dave ( Devon Sawa ) and his friend Sam ( Jason Segel ) and Jeff ( Michael Maronna ) have scam their way through college .
 when creepy Ethan ( Jason Schwartzman ) discover their secret , he blackmail them into help him score with beautiful , good-hearted student Angela ( James King).Stupid and incompetent 'comedy ' - a lot more groan-inducing than laugh-inducing .
 movie try appeal to its target audience with its disgusting gag - but None of Them Work .
 what be more , it be full of worthless , unappealing character - and Schwartzman 's character be so repulsive he be a major turn-off .
 movie even try use 50's/60 's sexpot/actress Mamie Van Doren in the movie 's most outrageous scene .
 YUCK !
 !
 !
 further bring it down be its utter predictability and the waste ( yet again ) of veteran comedic actor Joe Flaherty 's talent - when be this guy go to stop accept every role that come along and do something worthwhile ?
 all in all , the only thing I like be James ( a.k.a. Jaime ) King , who be very appealing - and deserve better.This get no more than one out of ten from me .
 what can I say about Cruel intention @card@ ?
 well , I can say in all honesty , I will only watch this film again if I be fasten to a chair and have my eye open clockwork-orange-style.The film 'stars ' Robin Dunne ( no , I never hear of him either ) , whose awful impression of Ryan Phillipe make me cringe throughout .
 in a case of terrible casting , Dunne attempt ( and fail ) to carry off play a handsome charismatic , charmer .
 since the actor be not handsome , nor charismatic nor charming , the character be leave wholly unbelievable .
 Amy Adams , ( she be in an episode of Buffy one time ) , try to pick up where Sarah Michelle Gellar leave off and bring scheme Katherine to life.. .
 however , Adams be not that good a an actress and her performance be flat and lack in any real emotion , often she look like she be read cue card just off camera .
 there be two good actor in the film however , Barry Flatman ( Saw @card@ & Saw @card@ ) and Mimi Rogers ( Mrs Kensington in Austion Powers ) , make very good and entertaining performance as the parent of Sebastian and Katherine and be the only reason why I rate the film as a @card@ , not a 1.The film itself be a poor version of the original , with such low as carbon copy be of dialogue and mimic scene which lack the originality of the previous film.I think that as a TV show , it might have work , but if it have be recasted with people who could actually act in the main part .
 I realize it be not suppose to be BSG and I can handle slow-paced show if they be interesting but I find myself completely uninterested and bore with this series.The formula for BSG seem to be : action + Adventure + SciFi + Suspense + Mystery + Dramathe formula for Caprica seem to be : Bland Drama + Moderate ScifiMaybe it will get more interesting but as of episode @card@ I can barely watch it .
 in fact , it be at the bottom of my to-watch list for the week .
 this be a sad state of affair .
 the Syfi channel really destroy their Friday night lineup .
 whatever happen to the glory day of SG1 , Stargate Atlantis , and BSG on Friday night ?
 they have a good thing there .
 this movie be one of the most wildly distort portrayal of history .
 horribly inaccurate , this movie do nothing to honor the hundred of thousand of Dutch , British , Chinese , American and indigenous enslave laborer that the sadistic Japanese kill and torture to death .
 the bridge be to be build 'over the body of the white man ' as state by the head Japanese engineer .
 it be disgusting that such unspeakable horror commit by the Japanese captor be the source of a movie , where the bridge itself , be n't even close to accurate to the actual bridge .
 the actual bridge be build of steel and concrete , not wood .
 what of the survivor who be still alive today ?
 they hate the movie and all that it be suppose to represent .
 their friend be starve , torture , and murder by cruel sadist .
 those that do n't die of dysantry , starvation , or disease be deeply hurt by the movie that make such light of their dark time .
 Screenwriter Lisa Lutz begin write the screenplay at the age of @card@ in 1991Is she even in business ?
 if someone give her another chance after this piece of crap , she be up for the most fortunate Person of ever award.This movie suck to no END...It never cease to amaze me what the turn into movies...and the fact that they make this writer put it off for a bit ?
 seriously ?
 I can write good crap than this in my sleep.OK , so how many line to I have to type ?
 I do n't get this at all .
 I guess I be a newbie .
 I guess I do n't understand why there should ever be a limit to what anyone have to say...or a quota ?
 seriously , I do n't care if you have a one word sentence...or even a one word response .
 I mean , c'mon ?
 Thanks...is this enough , finally ?
 this movie be worthless .
 I will warn you here : I choose to believe those reviewer who say that this be n't an action film in the usual sense , rather a psychological drama so you should appreciate it on that basis and you will be alright.I be here to tell you that they be wrong .
 completely wrong.Well , no , not completely ; it be very disappointing if you be look for an action flick , they be right about that .
 but it be also very unsatisfy on all other level as well.Tom Beringer be n't too bad , I suppose , no bad than usual ; but what possess them to cast Billy Zane in this ?
 be it some sort of death wish on the part of the producer ?
 a way to make their film a guarantee flop ?
 in that case , it worked.If they be actually aim for success , then why not cast somebody who can act ?
 oh , and might as well go for a screenwriter who know how to write .
 ah , yes , and a director who know how to direct.As someone who sit through this mess , actually believe it would shortly redeem itself , I can assure you it never do .
 pity , it could have be a good film .
 so you might be read some of the comment post on this film , and you might be think to yourself , 'Huh .
 there be sure a bunch of Rave Reviews post on December @ord@ ' funny thing be , most of these rave review sound like they be come from the same person , or at good a small , coordinate group of 'Open House ' groupie .
 the truth , my friend , be that this film be truly unwatchable .
 just because it be 'independent ' do n't mean it get a free pass .
 if you be go to make a musical , whether on film or on stage , whether on Broadway or at the local community playhouse , you should probably make sure that ( a. ) your actor can sing , ( B. ) your actor can dance , ( c. ) you have decent sound equipment , ( D. ) you have a well-write score , and ( e. ) you have lyric that be witty and charming .
 even Anthony Rapp ca n't save this one .
 it be one of those unfortunate movie-going experience where I actually feel deeply embarrassed for everyone involve .
 I think they should have call this movie 'Whites ' instead of 'Heights ' .
 Godawful...the kind of film that make people hate New Yorkers .
 people who be so self obsessed and think their life be so important...give me a break .
 such a lily white cast that Glenn Close be the most ethnic character in it , this film be cry out for someone real to come in and steal it...and so they introduce , get this , a character even white than the rest of the cast ( I think he be an albino at first)who be suppose to be Welsh !
 I be still try to decipher that accent !
 intellectually dishonest...this movie be the kind of film that be able to fool so many people into think it be worthwhile because it have the trappings of something more ambitious .
 well to fill the theater with MI5-10 than with this pretentious crap...must have be a good play because you ca n't fall off the floor .
 this apocalyptic zombie film try to be vicious and shocking ; but Feeding THE MASSES come off lame as some of the stiff-legged zombie stalk the street .
 in Rhode Island , a zombie epidemic know as the Lazarus Virus be be play down by the government manipulate newspaper and television station .
 a couple of brave , but dumb , soul at Channel @card@ TV News feel its audience be be give false hope and no idea of the real danger at hand .
 an eager reporter(Racheal Morris)and her cameraman(William Garberina ) , with the aid of a military escort(Patrick Cohen ) , risk life and limb to present a 'live ' broadcast to show the doom at hand .
 do yourself a favor and do n't watch .
 this thing be obviously very low budget and come across with the feel of a high school play go bad .
 act be atrocious and the flesh-hungry zombie be almost comical .
 also appear are : Michael Propster , William DeCoff and Brenda Hogan .
 feed the mass should be leave to starve .
 ( possible spoilers)Someone once ask Dr .
 Seuss if they could secure the movie right to his @card@ Christmas classic how the Grinch Stole Christmas .
 he turn them down , insist that no one could do good than the marvelous Chuck Jones TV special from @card@ ( also in mind , perhaps , be his bitter experience write the script to @card@ be the @card@ Fingers of Dr .
 T ) .
 when the good Dr .
 die in @card@ , his widow , Audrey Geisel , still obstinately refuse to sell the movie right .
 but with the commonplace use of CGI effect become a reality , Mrs .
 Geisel have a change of heart .
 Universal make her a generous offer she accept ; she also accept the casting of Jim Carrey as the title character .
 supposedly she be satisfy with the final result .
 well , Mrs .
 Geisel , that make one of us.The film be give a $123,000,000 budget ( which be more than even Heaven 's Gate cost , include the adjustment for inflation ) , which obviously go towards the very elaborate makeup , set design , and special effect ( which be underminedsomewhat by the rather hazy cinematography ) .
 unfortunately , it seem that none of that money be set aside to get a good script than what Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman ( scribe of who Framed Roger rabbit ?
 , which make much betteruse of a high budget ) turn in .
 whereas the TV special be a trim @card@ minute without commercial , this film try to fill a run time of @card@ minute with more background information about the Grinch .
 it turn out that , as a child , he be the subject of ridicule , include an especially humiliate experience one Christmas at the age of eight .
 so it turn out that everything that ail our poor Mr .
 Grinch be directly because of the Whos .
 trouble be , it seem like a rather long @card@ minute , with too much dead wood clog up the story .
 that might not seem so bad if only the Grinch be a little more...well , Grinchy .
 the character that Dr .
 Seuss write and Chuck Jones later animate be a sly fox whose slick attempt to hijack the holiday season be undermine by his sudden change ( and exponential growth ) of heart .
 Carrey 's Grinch be a loud , hyperactive oaf and , at time , a thug who , when make the holiday ` Cheermeister , ' trash the Whoville town square in anger(hopefully the scenery taste as good as it look ) .
 this undermine the script 's attempt to make the Grinch more sympathetic , with all the Whos down in Whoville so unsympathetic ( at least in this interpretation).The Whoville of Dr .
 Seuss 's vision be a small town populate by honest folk who know in their heart the true meaning of Christmas .
 the Whoville of the movie be a rather noisy and crowded place populate by spoiled , selfish , materialistic ninny ; an obvious attempt to comment on American consumerism .
 this be offensivelyhypocritical inasmuch as the film industry have benefit greatly from American consumerism , and as this film contribute to it with a huge merchandisingcampaign.The film also expand and redefin the character of Cindy Lou who , a small but crucial character in the original .
 the innocent two-year-old waif who walk in on this spurious Santa be now old and wise , constantly question the false value of the Whos and try to understand the Grinch 's point of view ( her one major scene from the original be re-enact , make it seem out of character ) .
 Sheseems to be the only one who would ever know that Christmas be more than just gift and decoration , thus make her a completely different , and more annoy , character.Those who celebrate Christmas should sooner accept a lump of coal in theirstockings on the morning of December @card@ than a copy of this overlong , overact , excruciatingly tedious , ham-handed , crude attempt to turn the child 's classic into a feature film .
 it prove once and for all that darkness , vulgarity,manipulation , and heavy-handedness be inadequate substitute for charm , wit , sincerity , and heart .
 the folk at Universal should get down on their collective knee and thank God that this truly bilious $123 million stink bomb gross $260 million domestically or they will not be here today .
 furthermore it make Mike Myers ' The Cat in the Hat possible !
 this movie be God-awful , from conception to execution .
 the US need to set up a 'Star Wars ' site in this remote country ?
 this be their premise ?
 the way to gain access , the US conclude , be to win an obstacle course like cross-country race , where the winner can ask anything of the leader .
 and who better to win this race know as the 'Game ' than a gymnast ?
 of course !
 a gymnast would be the perfect choice for this mission .
 and do n't forget that his father be an operative .
 lucky for our hero , there happen to be gymnastic equipment in fortunate spot , like the stone pommel horse in the middle of a square ( for no reason ) amidst crazy town .
 Perfect.But above and beyond the horrible , HORIBBLE premise , be the awkward fumblings of the romantic scene , the obviously highly depress ninjas whose only job seem to be hold a flag to point out the race path , and the bad climax ever .
 after win the race , our hero put forth the wish of the US government .
 and lo and behold , all the effort be worth it , because the US get its 'Star war ' site !
 huzzah !
 this be YOUR TRIUMPHANT ENDING ?
 !
 Wow.But still , be such a bad movie , it can be great fun to watch .
 the cover alone , depict ninjas with machine gun , be enough to get me to rent this film.But if I be ever to meet Kurt Thomas ( the gymnast-star ) in real life , I would probably kick him in the face after a double somersault with @card@ @card@ twist in the layout position .
 Susan Swift be an appealing youngster , a flower child transplant to the @card@ be ( like a young Susan Dey ) , but she do n't quite have the vocal range for a demanding dramatic lead and she tend to whine ; still , she be rather sweet and have bright eye and a pretty smile .
 in 'The Coming ' ( as it be call when briefly release to theater ) , Swift may be the reincarnation of a Salem witch .
 the flick be very low-budget and borrow from so many other picture that I give up on it with about @card@ minute to go .
 it start out strong and have some camp appeal .
 obviously , there be more serious film that deal with the Salem witch trial that deserve to be see over this one ; however , as junk movie go , it be n't too terrible .
 the Boston locale be a definite plus , and the support cast be amusingly hammy .
 *1/2 from **** from begin to end , this be the most emotionally overwrought movie about Nothing I have ever see .
 the characterization and interaction between the title character and Marthe Kller 's character be pure torture .
 the racetrack as metaphor gimmick be so overplay that it border on cliche , yet director Pollack treat every hairpin turn as if it be something profoundly important.Maybe there be some value for a MSFT3000 re-playing of some of the scene , such as Pacino get in touch with his inner female , for goof value .
 but , even such accidental humor be hard to find in this total turkey .
 while 'Santa Claus Conquers the Martian ' be usually cite as one of the bad film ever make , this Mexican-made film from @card@ be so bad it make 'SCCM ' look like 'It be a Wonderful Life .
 ' you have to wonder what the people who make this film be think ; perhaps they mean it as a third-world allegory about capitalist greed and conspicuous consumption .
 Nah .
 .
 .
 they just be n't very good .
 the same production company make an even more disturbing version of 'Little Red Riding Hood ' in which the wolf 's obsession with our heroine have unmistakable hint of pedophilia .
 ( perhaps this be the inspiration for 'Freeway .
 ' ) back to 'Santa Claus ' : instead of the North Pole , Jolly Old Saint Nicholas reside in a satellite in geosynchronous earth orbit ( shade of 'MST3K ' ) ; instead of elf his toy be make by child choose from around the world ; and he have sophisticated spy equipment to check just which kid be naughty and nice .
 the result be like an Orwellian outer space sweat shop .
 it be enough to turn you off Christmas forever .
 this and other low-rent Mexican child 's ' film be dub in English and widely distribute in the U.S. in the early 1960s ; no wonder the sixty become such a turbulent period in American history .
 the baby boomer who be force to endure these 'family ' film as child would be all too eager to turn revolutionary .
 what make the French connection work so well be the relationship between Doyle ( Hackman ) and Russo ( Scheider ) .
 in this catastrophe direct by Frankenheimer ( who also bring us such gem as Raindeer Games and the Island of Dr .
 Moreau ) the movie focus on Doyle and his singular obsession of capture Charnier ( Rey ) .
 the fictitious idea that the NYPD would allow Doyle to travel to Marseilles to find Charnier with the help of the French local authority be laugh out loud funny .
 correct me if I be wrong , but do n't Charnier skip town with @card@ pound of pure smack !
 !
 !
 a street value of @card@ million but yeah , let be send Doyle to find this guy , it be his pinch after all .
 please !
 !
 !
 the story be weak .
 the act be terrible ( with the lone exception of Hackman , who completely overplay his part ) .
 the direction be all over the place .
 even the cut between scene be terrible .
 do yourself a favor and watch the first installment twice and skip this one .
 snuggle down in your favourite chair and switch on the play-station , as you toss this into the waste disposal unit .
 spend a useful @card@ min .
 live your favourite game .
 disjoint - poorly film - non directed junk .
 it take a bit from several other 'science fiction ' movie and badly attempt to join the part into a pathetically weak story .
 there be nothing new here , the filmmaker do not seem to realise that provide simple entertainment would achieve a monetary game , but a touch of skill ingenuity and flair be require to turn it into a good film .
 any money spend watch this be a waste , and personally i would like my @card@ min of life back .
 *Can anybody tell me WHERE be the COMEDY ?
 ?
 !
 !
 *(Charlie Sheen ) be a very weak comedian , ( Thomas Haden Church ) be look so feeble ( with him !
 ) , and the whole thing be so thickheaded !
 *They try to make a live comic book which turn out to be super bloody comic nightmare and it be n't even funny ?
 like the plan 's scene in the bathroom ; it be so good with its cinematic imagination but there be nothing more. .
 except Pain !
 *Donald Sutherland ?
 ?
 !
 his relationship with his daughter ?
 ?
 !
 *This be actually a kind of work which they make it just to make it and earn some money from it , but it become such a crime when This money would be rob from the very us whom get deceive by so low art work and an entertainment have absolutely no entertainment at ALL !
 *Well , it would have be ugly if it be big production and star Brando in his golden year with a real star.*The Sheen 's family in here .
 just be aware of that !
 *Anyone who find themselves admire this movie or -God Forbid- love it !
 then you must go directly to therapy before you become more dangerous and hurt anybody else !
 *(Brando ) undoubtedly be a genius but the movie be n't !
 and he be n't intend to be one in here after read this for sure !
 !
 but the main big problem be that no one else ever work in this thing try , or want , to be a small time smart or even good !
 !
 !
 ( sorry I be cry now !
 the movie be torture be unbelievable !
 ).*There be a scene where ( Brando ) hit ( Mira Sorvino ) by her shoe !
 that be so realistic !
 ?
 maybe he be see himself in her so he be punish himself for be in such a crap !
 *For the milliard time : this one could have be good ( or less bad !
 ) .
 the script , till the train 's heist , be nice and I just imagine that they will escape to have some chase like it be another ( Smokey and the Bandit ) but with ( Brando ) as the sheriff .
 in fact any of those chimera be much merciful than what I have watch !
 *Why this masterpiece do n't receive any Razzie award ?
 !
 you want to make me believe that there be low movie than This ?
 I do not think so !
 it be a situation where the Razzie 's supervisor must himself win one for his negligence !
 !
 *Martin Sheen be here also as a guest star maybe for support his failure son but ironically the father be as failure as his son !
 and why be that ?
 !
 well !
 because I hate Martin Sheen maybe more than I hate comic movie be n't as good as its ambition !
 *It be not a comedy movie , NO. .
 it be a horror one !
 , and I just hate horror movie especially those which have be propagandize as comic one !
 *Name good thing about it ?
 hmmm !
 well , this one compare to another Marlon Brando 's monster movie ( the Island of Dr .
 Moreau - @card@ ) would be close to ( Casablanca ) !
 !
 P.S : if you still want to know what be or who be precisely the bad , the ugly and the very ugly in this movie. .
 just pray your last prayer and go watch it. .
 May God help you !
 the creativeness of this movie be lose from the beginning when the writer and director leave out a good story line , only to substitute with horrible special affect .
 this movie seem to be focus on amusing child , but could n't even accomplish that .
 many small low budget film have the potential to become great movie , but this movie be no where near that .
 fortunately this will be another film easily make , and easily forget .
 this movie be probably a chance for the actor to make a little money on the side until their chance come along for a real role in a good movie .
 anyone who have a shred of respect for film , should avoid see this movie at all cost .
 'The Domino Principle ' be , without question , one of the bad thriller ever make .
 hardly any sense can be make of the convoluted plot and by the halfway point you will want to throw your arm up in frustration and scream 'I give up !
 !
 !
 'How Gene Hackman and director Stanley Kramer ever get involve in this mess must only be sum up by their paychecks.I hope they spend their money well .
 where to even start ?
 the horrendous acting ?
 the nonsensical plot ?
 the bargain basement effect ?
 the completely loathsome character ?
 the choppy edit ?
 the headache-inducing Casio keyboard score ?
 ?
 ?
 the embarrassingly racist remark ( 'Watch it , Charlie !
 ' , 'Back off , Jackie Chan !
 !
 ' ?
 ?
 ?
 the constant misogyny ?
 ?
 ?
 I be a lifelong horror fan , and I have no problem at all with the current 'torture-thon ' trend of movie .
 however , this be a poorly-made piece of garbage .
 I think I suffer more pain watch this than the character do die in it !
 if you like girl be force to eat stir-fry penis , really poor soft core porn and think line like 'I be gonna find that b**** and staple her c*** shut !
 !
 ' be clever , live feed be for you.As for me , I feel the need to go wash my eye out with oven cleaner to prevent from ever see this movie again !
 ....because if I be , I may have wish it be me be crucify on a wooden cross !
 I be still try to determine the plot of this movie - and I be be 'generous ' that there be even a plot to begin with .
 as previously mention , it be a misnomer on the cover of the DVD that Richard Dreyfuss be actually the star .
 he be barely in the movie .
 and if he be indeed 'frustrated ' as the back cover indicate he be , well , that be probably because he say YES to be in this disaster of a movie and could n't get out of it !
 the movie really seem to focus on Jared Martin , and what his role in the movie be suppose to be , other than the extreme close -ups , be not as big of a mystery as to what Gene Barry 's role actually be - or be n't .
 and speak of 'big'...whomever have the bright idea to fit Gene Barry in the Humpty Dumpty attire , which showcase his trouser literally pull up to his chin , should be sentence to hard time by watch this movie stone sober .
 I could go on and on about how horrendous this movie be , from the dialogue not match the 'actors ' ' mouth ( think Clutch Cargo ) , to the erratic jump from scene to scene ( again , be generous even call the frame of picture 'scenes ' ) , to the lack of a plot... .
 however , if you be into bad early 70s genre and if you be in a cottage in Michigan with nothing but this movie and a box of kid & cat picture , I recommend have a good bottle of wine before you embark on this weird ride of a movie because you will be thankful that you may not remember it the next day !
 the original be a good movie .
 I buy it on tape and have watch it several time .
 and though I know that sequel be not usually as good as the original I certainly be n't expect such a bomb .
 the romance be flat , the sight gag old , the speak humor just be n't .
 this may not have be the bad movie I have ever see but it come close .
 OK this movie be really 'unique ' shall we say .
 Carrie Fisher be by far the most talented in the movie , even though it be say she have a coke problem during the movie .
 but she say that she ca n't remember to much of it .
 well thats her excuse but whats everyone else be ?
 ?
 ?
 i ca n't imagine they all have a coke problem.whatever it be n't all that bad i mean i guess the plot be OK and it have some pretty funny moment .
 although the part where the guy get that thing shove in his head be a little too violent for my taste .
 oh well i guess i be disappoint cause Carrie fisher be like so awesome and this movie do nothing for her .
 I have now watch all four Bo Derek vehicle direct by her husband , John ; all be quite terrible , of course , but this be certainly the pit .
 feature the usual flimsy plot , bad script by the director , naturally and act , not to mention gratuitous nudity by the star , it deal with her lose much old husband Anthony Quinn ( she accept his shotgun suicide by say he have always admire Hemingway !
 !
 ) but who continue to appear and talk to her .
 in fact , he want to come back in another , young bodybut actually do so only in the very last scene !
 Derek be lovely as always , and still play nave( !
 ) especially during a muddle mid-section which have her pursue by a hire killer at a spa .
 Quinn , too , be typically larger-than-life ( read : hammy ) here , but this easily constitute his nadir ; besides , for much of the duration , he act from behind a piece of shiny plastic ( presumably suggest his be in some sort of limbo ) !
 his 'replacement ' , then , be obviously a handsome-looking stud who have n't a lick of talent or even personality .
 also feature in the cast be Hollywood veteran Don Murray ( as Quinn 's good friend and Bo 's business consultant ) and Julie Newmar ( as Quinn 's guardian angel in the afterlife ) plus a surprising cameo appearance by billionaire Donald Trump ( who presumably need this on his resume ' ) !
 it also go without say that John Derek be his own cinematographer on the film , that the end credit be fill with useless ( and corny ) expression of gratitude to the many people who lend a help hand , and that GHOSTS CAN'T do it sweep the board at the @card@ Razzie Awards !
 first of all , I see this movie when I be @card@ year old at a Christian Scholl I attend .
 needless to say that I be scare out of mind .
 not because it be scary but because the content.Cmon...I be @ord@ Anyway , the cinematography be pretty bad and the act be cheesy .
 that be very bad consider that I be only @card@ and I remember that .
 the one thing that still haunt me be that dreadful song 'I wish we all be ready ' where the chorus end with '...you be leave behind ' .
 I would n't suggest see this one .
 I probably will , just for nostalgic reason .
 besides , I be sure the remake be much good .
 the good part of this movie though , have to be when everyone 'dissapears ' ; vacant car crash , lawnmower run on their own...pretty hilarious .
 back in the day , I remember see dumb Nintendo Power comic that have the same artwork as this show.. .
 and then word come up that this show be a come to a television near me !
 I be not estatic , but curious.. .
 I be curious about how bad this show be gonna suck .
 my friend all say that this show have no real meaning and be too silly for straight people like me to enjoy ( i be actually gay ) , so I decide to watch the show with low expectations.WHAT a HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 first off , I hate the new character .
 Tiff and Tuff be so dumb and I hate how so many fanboys drool over Tiff , it be sad .
 I also hate how they make Chef Kalasaki ( or whatever his nonstraight name be ) a good guy who own a restaurant .
 bad move , 4Kids TV !
 Escargoon be nothing but a loser adviser to the King Dedede ( who suck big time in this show ) and I hate the face of that one company that keep supply Dedede with those awful weapon to destroy Kirby .
 so stupid , I hate this show.I then begin to hate Kirby even more since it be obvious Nintendo be just ache to get Kirby some popularity .
 Kirby will never beat Mario in the fight for coolness , and Kirby will always be nothing but a tiny little cream puff of gayness .
 NUF Said !
 !
 !
 half the review be good so i take a chance for $10 .
 sure Priscilla Barnes have some sex talk but it be n't much .
 the whole plot later that she may be the other actress mother & the documentary maker fall for the young woman be stretch it .
 its not funny its not that raunchy its not much of anything but a waste of time .
 boogie Nights be base on real people that be in the adult industry this be base on nothing that ever happen in the industry .
 it could have shock with whats popular today in adult film mock today gonzo video and that big orgy that they have @card@ minute to shoot what a joke a big orgy have be do big & good decade ago in the early 1970s .
 what be happen to ITV Drama .
 first , 'Losing Gemma ' quite simply the bad TV drama I have see in year , and now 'Perfect parent ' a complete shambles from start to finish .
 whoever be responsible for commission this drivel should be receive there P45 by special delivery.In most Drama/Thrillers , a requirement to suspend certain level of belief be necessary so that the the plot line can develop , but 'Perfect parent ' take this to a new level,I suspend so much belief by the end of this nonsense I feel I have be force feed on a lorry load of 'Magic mushroom ' , it be like the scriptwriter have decide to try and create a 'Drama by number ' involve some serious issue - Religion , Education,Greed,Fear,Murder,Paedophillia the only trouble be as the great Eric Morecambe once say when play a piano , 'I be play all the right note , just not necessarily in the correct order ' .
 for your next script guy , I suggest you try read a few more book on script development than 'Script writing for Dummies'.Due to the ridiculous script and the utter lack of tension in the Direction , the act be suitably low key , not the fault of the actor as the cast be top notch .
 but I suggest that all of the actor involve in this sorry piece of drama should instruct their agent the next time the Postman attempt to deliver a script from ITV drama Department , make sure the letterbox be firmly nail shut !
 !
 first of all : I love good Splattermovies and be not afraid to get in touch with art , but this zero-budget-flick be none of it !
 the picture-quality be so damned low , the soundtrack the most annoy one I ever ( !
 !
 !
 !
 )heard , and as for the FX.. .
 well the super-low quality make some of them look not as bad as they would in a real movie ( what this junk here be n't ) .
 no concept , a wafer-thin storyline , primitive acting and rare dialog - I think I count about @card@ sentence in the whole movie , each one repeat about @card@ times.. .
 same for a lot of film-sequences ( may be an indication for which kind of audience this crap be make !
 !
 !
 ) the story seem to be that a young boy have to watch his father rape and kill his mother , get psychological damage and as an adult go touring , perform a show of self-mutilation .
 so far , so good.. .
 but for these pseudo-art-idiot-directors , this plot be just a line to put cheap produce shock scene in a row which neither have a message nor make any sense ( freshly taken-out bowel be throw on a naked , bound woman in an earth-hole.. .
 why ?
 ?
 and why be that the only time you see both woman and thrower in the whole bloody 'movie ' ) ?
 ?
 ?
 disturbing ?
 yes !
 !
 sick ?
 yes !
 !
 necessary ?
 no !
 artistically ?
 no !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 everyone mistake this cheap gore-show for art should as soon as possible visit his psychiatrist or should watch Pink Floyd 's 'The Wall ' to see how a similar topic can be work out in an artful way.. .
 I hope this be your first and last ( !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 ) movie , Andrew Cobb.. .
 !
 !
 !
 !
 and all you gore-heads out there , remember : not everything that look cheap and make obviously no sense at all be automatically 'Art'.. .
 I just watch this horrid thing on TV .
 needless to say it be one of those movie that you watch just to see how much bad it can get .
 frankly , I do n't know how much lower the bar can go.The character be compose of one lame stereo-type after another , and the obvious attempt at create another 'Bad News Bears ' be embarrass to say the VERY least.I have see some prized turkey in my time , but there be no reason to list any of them since this be 'Numero Uno'.Let me put it to you this way , I watch the Vanilla Ice movie , because it be so bad it be funny .
 This...this...is NOT even that good .
 this be just horrible , really horrible trash .
 yes , we have get beautiful naked woman dance and have sex .
 but while this may work in the mechanism of a porn movie may have even be a hit as a porn movie this try to mask itself as a 'film ' with actual thing to say , with real emotion and struggle .
 it be n't .
 it be an excuse to get some girl naked and have a fun time .
 I be sure all of these woman ( and man ) in this particular movie could have fair decently in the porn movie business of the 1970s .
 .
 .
 but not in the actual movie business.The act be hackney , so bad , I mean real terrible .
 the writing be even bad .
 I ca n't lay all blame on these actor they have nothing to work with .
 the very broad structure or plot of the movie could possibly be do and do well with good writer and competent actor .
 the very broad structure or plot be that of a psychotic man who spend his time shoot people from afar , as a sniper .
 these shooting be motivate from man not respect their woman enough .
 if there be more writing - good writing , much good writing - and less gratuitous sexual imagery we might have something to work with.This movie should have be shoot , make and market a hardcore porn movie all along ; it would have make more money .
 it practically be a hardcore porn film already , and it remain the only non-porn movie I have see that show a male erect penis .
 exceedingly complicated and drab .
 I be a bright guy , but this be just too much for a tired brain .
 it would really benefit from a few early clue as to who these people be and what they be do .
 probably well for the US market .
 GC himself hint that this alone do not supply his Oscar and you can see why.Still the sand dune be pretty .
 the nail pull be nasty .
 the attorney drunk dad be a mystery .
 the cricket be good to see.Very difficult to write the require ten line on this , despite it be over @card@ hour long .
 thank heaven they shorten it .
 admittedly we do n't get to the picture much , but the last film we see , walk the line , be @card@ time well and I do n't really like Johnny Cash .
 my wife say George still look good with the beard and a few extra pound so there be that.....am I nearly there yet ?
 how about now this movie be absolute torture .
 first of all , it be a whopping 4+ hour long !
 true , the Kargil war may have have several point that be capture and fight for , but every single one of those battle need not have be show .
 so maybe this be a documentary , not a commercial film as advertise .
 sure do n't seem like it , as enough background information be not give and there be some flaw .
 the battle sequence be so poorly execute .
 I be terribly disappoint from the man who give well do sequence in Border .
 each battle be the exact same as the previous .
 it be so predictable .
 ( this might be a spoiler .
 ) the whole army march uphill , five or so soldier curse five thousand time each ( they also use the same cussword every time ) , one of the lead actor be shoot , someone yell for a stretcher , the actor say , 'No , do n't get a stretcher .
 that will take @card@ man from the battalion , ' and then an actor die .
 that exact same thing happen over and over and over again .
 oh , and the song be so bad and so long .
 the cast of the movie be too big for its own good .
 despite such a long movie , none of the character be well develop .
 the actress have the most miniscule role .
 they all be dress and portray to be the same .
 two of them be weep synchronize .
 it be so comical .
 they move their hand and head at the exact same time and then bite their dupatta together.The list just go on and on .
 I know I be still forget something .
 anyways , I think I have bash the film enough that you get the picture .
 the premise suck me in , but it be clear about @card@ second in that this be either David Lynch or something seriously terrible .
 interesting to watch just to run through the fundamentalist laundry list .
 I can be a sucker for a stirring spiritual piece ( Romero come to mind ) , but there be nothing spiritual whatsoever about this one .
 the message seem to be that we must all pretend we have an iq of @card@ ( or simply get a lobotomy - Jennifer what happen to Ya ?
 ) and blindly follow the Bible without any sort of self-examination whatsoever or we will trigger the second come .
 it be the kind of attitude that make people fly jumbo jet into @card@ story building ( I work around the corner from the site of the former WTC ) .
 I like to think that God be a little great than that .
 probably the bad film I have ever see , the acting and story be terrible and I almost fall asleep .
 the only good actor be Colm Meaney .
 I have the impression to see the same scene again and again until the end , no emotion , no charisma...nothing !
 be warn .
 this movie be such a mess .
 it be a catastrophe .
 do n't waste your time with this one .
 I warn you !
 the acting , story , dialogue , music.. .
 basically everything be so over the top , it be absolutely annoy and ridiculous .
 it make me want to throw up ( if the dialogue/acting/story be n't do it , it 's everyone be shoot crooked ) .
 you will feel like you be watch a comedy .
 the problem be , the part that be supposedly funny be n't even funny .
 the acting , story , cinematography , you can feel everything be just try WAAAAY too hard -- but it never succeed .
 practically every shot be cant , but so what ?
 !
 this movie just feel like a student film .
 no wonder they shoot this in HD because it would be a waste to spend more money to shoot this on film.If you be easily amused or like poor acting , write , edit , direct , full of clichs , everything that be force in your face , oh and do I mention poor acting ?
 ( well , actually , it be not all the actor 's fault - it be the director !
 ) then I guess you will like this movie.I have to watch this for a class .
 I would have turn it off right away if I could .
 if you still ca n't tell by now , I hate this movie .
 it make me want to throw up and get my time back.. .
 at least I do n't have to pay for this garbage.Jeff Goldblum , you know.. .
 the guy from Jurassic Park/Independence Day , be in this movie but he sure go downhill from then -- accept role for movie like this catastrophe .
 come on , what be the deal with this show , Power Rangers anyways ?
 I always feel that the show , which be originally bring over from Japan in a good form , take what be great in Japan , and turn into one of the most ridiculous and pointless excuse in toy merchandising history !
 there be absolutely no point with this show whatsoever.The bad haircut , bad costume , earring , etc , all show what be ridiculous back in the 1990s from the two idiot , Bulk and Skull , to the 'duhs ' , of the main cast , Jason , Trini , Tommy , Kimberly , Billy and Zack , I just want to say one thing : give Me a break !
 Saban bring this from Japan , and then Disney buy the right to this show around five year ago.Now the public have to endure rerun of this show on the Disney channel and such.All I can say once again be give me a break !
 yes , in @card@ year of film go I have finally view the stinker that surpass all other ghastly movie I have see .
 beating 'Good Will Hunting ' Baise Moi ' and 'Flirt ' for sheer awfulness .
 this be pretentious blige of the first order.. .
 not even entertaining pretentious bilge .
 the effect be cheap , and bad - pointless.The script seem to have be write by a first year film student who do n't get out much but want to appear full of portent !
 the acting be simply undescribably bad - Tilda Swinton cap a career fill with vacuous woodeness with a performance which veer neurotically between comotose and laughable 'intensity ' .
 apparently , some fool out there have allow the director of this film to make another one.. .
 be warn 'Why ?
 'That simple question have to be on the lip of every single New Yorker during the @card@ month of terror that David Berkowitz create in @card@ .
 that same one word will surely become the same perplex question @card@ summer later as people exit theater exhibit the trite and exploitative 'Summer of Sam'.Director Spike Lee attempt to weave the story of a pack of misguided thug search for the celebrated psychopath -- who paralyze New York City for over a year -- with a stark and graphical depiction of the killing , the demon inside Berkowitz 's head and the frustration of a futile NYPD manhunt .
 he present an ensemble of despicable loser who hear their own 'barking dog ' as they live life devoid of love , honor and humanity -- no different than Berkowitz .
 Lee browbeat the audience in nearly every frame with 'not one of us be what we seem to be ' .
 often a critic of the white establishment , Lee perpetuate the stereotype by include a scene where Mira Sorvino , play a newlywed with a cheating husband ( John Leguizamo ) , hope to have oral sex with a black man 'in the back of a big black Cadillac ' .
 an Italian Mafioso tell a black detective that the famous Willie Mays ' over-the-back center field catch be 'lucky ' .
 Lee even make sure to deliver the racist musing of one middle age black woman who declare 'I be happy it be a white man kill all these white people because if it be a black man kill all these white people - there would be the big race riot in NYC history.'Other than an outstanding opening pan shoot of an arrival at a disco ( reminiscent of shot from Martin Scorcese 's 'Goodfellas ' or Orson Welles ' 'The third man ' ) , this film have no soul , purpose or passion .
 he parade character on the screen bereave of human decency .
 although we learn nothing about the true victim of this horrible spree , Spike Lee seem to be say New York City get what it deserve during that frightening , boil summer over two decade ago.'How could anyone wreak such havoc on his beloved city ?
 ' 'How could someone show such hatred toward his fellow man ?
 'Are these appropriate question for Berkowitz or Lee ?
 you decide .
 Mr .
 Vanhook take a good idea and kick like a football .
 unfortunately , it do n't make the goal .
 the historical subject of giant be a good one , but pour in the goon milk and you end up with a giant wheel of cheese .
 I say , take this reel wheel and roll it off a cliff .
 I could n't even watch the entire film .
 that say a lot because I rarely walk away from any movie .
 I always like to give them a chance for last-minute redemption .
 it be impossible to redeem something this bad .
 well , at least the act be good....NOT !
 the only thing 'falling ' in this film be the rating .
 @card@ and sink into the negative number !
 so thats what I call a bad , bad film.. .
 poor acting , poor directing , terrible writing !
 !
 !
 !
 I just cant stop laugh at some scene , because the story be meaningless !
 !
 !
 Dont waste your time watch this film.. .
 well , I must recognize it have one or two good idea but its sooooo badly writen.. .
 I will really , really want to see this movie , and wait for month to get it through our Blockbuster Total Access account .
 when it show up in our mailbox , I throw it straight into the DVD player.I be very sadly disappoint , which in turn make me mad .
 I will give any movie a chance , even if I want to walk out of the theater/press 'stop ' .
 I watch it all the way through , but do n't get anything from it but frustration.The acting be very , very good , but that be about it .
 nothing be explain ; while we understand that Mathieu become depressed and land in a psych ward of some kind , we be never give insight to his 'downfall ' .
 while we understand that he and Cedric break up , again , we do n't see it happen or why it happen .
 during an interview with Mathieu 's doctor , Cedric reveal that he have cheat on him once , but it be no big deal .
 I expect to see this in flashback , but no--nothing .
 we also get the hint that Cedric be the one to bring Mat to the hospital--but AGAIN , we do n't see it.I know some movie be a 'take it as it be ' basis , but this movie honestly tick me off .
 when Pierre , Cedric 's ex show up in the club and start trouble , we do n't see hide nor hair of him until near the end , and it take me a good chunk of time to figure out that Pierre WAS the ex .
 his personality at the club and when Mat find him be entirely different .
 I might even be wrong say this , it be that confusing.The film expect you to know everything and move along with its disjointed , out-of-place and confusing pace .
 I can keep up with film like 'Pi ' , 'Citizen Kane ' and other film that have flashbacks/flash-forwards leave and right , but CU do n't capture and hold onto the style .
 at the end of 'Citizen Kane ' , you know what be go on and discover the answer to the main mystery .
 CU just leave you hang .
 it have an air of pretension in its 'we be not gonna tell you a damned thing , figure it out for yourself ' presentation .
 it be like read a book with the chapter switch around and page missing.Good act , like I say .
 I like the character , but the whole story be just too disappointing .
 OK , a slasher movie .
 a very , very stupid slasher movie.We get your stereotypical teenager in a house thing go .
 we get a FBI agent that have see Dirty Harry one time too many .
 'So what be the secret....punks ?
 ' we get about @card@ different little camera shot and scene that make no sense at all .
 'Hey man , i be fix the sprinkler ' ( ( that guy be my favorite part of the movie ) ) suddenly there be a preacher tie up on a couch watch home movie , he get killed.they follow the killer into the middle of nowhere , with no cop .
 suddenly she be in a church , wear a wedding dress .
 i swear this be the stupid slasher movie i have ever see .
 notice I have give this @card@ star if the option be give I would have give this zero .
 as I put this DVD into my TV and sit down on my couch I be expect some of the bad film make at its fine .
 I look this movie up on IMDb and see that it be the bad rate movie so I guess I come into it critical of every mistake .
 but it do n't prepare me for the crap that be about to spew from my television screen.The box make this movie out to look well OK at good .
 do NOT Let THAT FOOL you .
 this movie need to be ban from all shelf around the world.The good way I can describe this movie be like porn but without any sex scene in it .
 the act ( if you can call it that ) , the 'plot ' ( so many hole must look like Swiss cheese ) , and the special effect really be just terrible.Please do not be like me and rent this movie because you think it will be funny to watch.In the end I be not say I can make a good movie than this , but I be think it .
 a dreary and pointless bit of fluff ( bloody fluff , but fluff ) .
 badly script , with inane and wooden dialogue .
 you do not care if the character ( indeed , even if the actor themselves ) live or die .
 little grace or charm , little action , little point to the whole thing .
 perhaps some of the set and setting will interest--those gap between the board of all the building may be true to the way life be live .
 the framework encounter be unnecessary and distracting , and the Hoppalong Cassidy character himself be both boring and inept .
 a wealthy Harvard dude fall for a poor Radcliffe chick much to the consternation of his strict father ( Ray Milland).Syrupy , sugary , and most of all , sappy story about a battle of the 'classes ' when rich-kid Ryan O'Neal bring home a waif of a librarian for his snobbish parent to ridicule .
 Ali MacGraw be the social derelict with the filthy mouth while John Marley play her devout-Catholic father , but no one in the film be more annoy than O'Neal himself with his whimpering portrayal as Harvard 's champion yuppie.Followed 8( !
 ) year later by 'Oliver be Story ' .
 I do n't expect much when I see this at the Palm Springs Film Fest this weekend .
 it be an alternate choice when two other film be sell out .
 still , I hold out hope .
 it sound a bit much like 'Bride and Prejudice ' ( L.A. guy fall for an Indian beauty , parental conflict , blah blah blah ) .
 B&P ; be not perfect but it be an enjoyable film with some good laugh and likable characters.'My Bollywood Bride ' have none of that .
 the acting seem stilted and way to by-the-numbers .
 character be so clich the story seem like it could have be write by high school freshman drama student .
 technically , the sound really bother me .
 it seem as if there be a lot of over-dubbing of dialogue .
 I mean a lot .
 I know sometimes it be necessary but it sound like half the film be shoot in a closet and it become very distracting.Two star be be somewhat generous .
 on the back burner for year ( so it be report ) this television reunion of two of the most beloved character in sitcom history start off badly - and go straight downhill from there .
 Mary Richards ( Mary Tyler Moore ) and her good friend Rhoda Morgenstern ( Valerie Harper ) meet in New York after a long estrangement and catch up on each other 's life .
 what a novel concept !
 but , sad to relate , nothing worth talk about ( let alone make a movie about ) have happen to either of them in the intervene year .
 so , instead , the script content itself with throw out one hoary old plot device after another ( most have to do with old woman in the workplace ) , while completely miss the quirky charm and sophistication that make the original show a winner .
 the support cast be instantly forgettable , the humor be nonexistent , and the chemistry which Moore and Harper once have together be go .
 Moore allegedly stall this project for year , wait for 'just the right script ' before commit herself .
 if this be the one she consider 'right ' , what on earth be the one she turn down like ?
 it be not the age of the character that do this in ( for time inevitably march on ) , but the almost complete lack of imagination couple with a blatant disregard for the element that make the series work .
 at one time this be intend as a pilot but , all to obviously , it fail to generate any interest among potential sponsor .
 or for that matter , among potential audience .
 quickly and mercifully forget , the film be a travesty and an insult to a classic .
 wow i pay @card@ to go see this movie at the cinema .
 cant believe i waste my time .
 the acting be cringe worthy at good and the special effect be crude .
 Probarly the bad script in history some extremely embarrassing quote i have ever hear in my life .
 I swear to god 'swept away ' be good than this .
 Madonna should of won and Oscar compare to these guy .
 an hour and a half of my life i want back .
 honestly people do n't see this , even toddler would find this movie an insult to their intelligence .
 i find this movie very strange in the fact that it be hard to tell who be more wooden , thesis guy here of the actual puppet .
 plea guy do n't waste your time on this movie you will live to regret it .
 it occur to me that some of the film that have be ban during the course of cinema history be actually very important and very good film .
 I will like to argue that instead of ban challenging , controversial movie the censor should consider ban film that be so bad that they pose a threat to your IQ and your sanity .
 if they be to do so one of the first film to be quickly hide away would undoubtedly be 'Stroker Ace ' .
 this film be awful with a capital 'A ' .
 it be the bad film Burt Reynolds ever star in... .
 quite a feat for for a man with 'Cannonball Run II ' , 'Cop and a Half ' and 'Rent-A-Cop ' on his CV !
 the wafer-thin story introduce us to successful stock car racer Stroker Ace ( Reynolds ) , a man who love fast car and fast woman .
 he get stick in a demean contract with crooked promoter Clyde Torkle ( Ned Beatty ) .
 the contract require him to do some humiliate promotional work for a new chain of fast food restaurant , such as dress up as a giant chicken .
 throw into the mix be Lugs ( Jim Nabors ) , Ace 's dim-witted pal , and Pembrook Feeney ( Loni Anderson ) , a bimbo with a brain fractionally small than a pea who be woo by Ace.Hal Needham , the director of this low-grade garbage , be formerly a stuntman and he make numerous film that rely on his expertise in stage spectacular stunt and car chases/races .
 some of these film be OK , like 'Hooper ' and 'Stunts Unlimited ' , but with 'Stroker Ace ' he reach a career nadir .
 the character be so stupid that you actually feel pity for the actor play them .
 Anderson especially be saddle with such a dumb role that it make you grind your tooth with despair .
 the humour be weak and infantile throughout , and the stunt and race sequence be unremarkable .
 even the out-takes during the closing credit ( which can be find in all the Reynolds-Needham collaboration ) be generally unfunny , which give the impression that maybe the film be n't much fun to make .
 'Stroker Ace ' be a stinker of considerable magnitude .
 this be quite possibly the bad movie I have ever see .
 again I make the mistake of buy the movie because the synapse on the back sound cool and the front cover look pretty cool too ( after buy this and the movie 'Malevolence ' which I review on here as well , I have learn my lesson ) .
 I love horror movie that take place in the wood or in the desert or on a farm .
 this supposedly take place in the wood of Texas but be probably film in the director 's backyard .
 the production be probably the bad I ever see .
 the actor be absolutely the WORST .
 the story do n't have anything to do with what the back cover say .
 I even try to sell it to F.Y.E and some other 'mom and pop ' store that buy use DVDs and neither would take it .
 Thats how awful this poor miserable excuse for a movie be .
 I have see some bad movie before ( Troll @card@ for example ) but this definitely take the cake .
 I do n't think there be a bad movie than 'Troll @card@ ' .
 boy be I wrong !
 do not buy this movie unless someone hand it to you for free but even than your stuck with it unless you throw it out which be what I be about to do !
 !
 !
 !
 I buy Bloodsuckers on ebay a while ago .
 I watch part and deem it just too dumb to review again .
 the excessive amount of watery 'blood ' at the beginning be just plain obsolete - not to mention the 'whip-around ' wind sound .
 my friend and I make a super low budget movie , and the effect still exceed this crap fest.As for the amount of mistake in this movie , there be way too many to count .
 I know one of the actor - believe it or not , he be my Theatre teacher .
 ha !
 final verdict : do n't bother with this 'horror ' flick.3 Stars ( out of a possible @card@ ) probably encourage by admirer of her much-better 'Orlando ' , Potter here deliver a vehicle for herself in the bad way : she write , direct , star , and actually co-writes the music , include a mawkish love song .
 the film strongly resemble a high school or college project by a teenager convince that her own intimate love and melodramatic obsession be as fascinating to us as to her .
 but Potter 's character be as unsympathetic as the object of her romantic obsession be unlikable , and the whole film be an embarrassing display of narcissism masquerade as a celebration of the tango .
 perhaps if she have n't cast herself it might have work .
 she just ca n't act , whether play herself or not .
 pretentious , over-ambitious , dull , and silly .
 I really want to like this movie , but it be just imposable .
 the act be ultra hammy , the plot be annoy , and the pace be SLOW , sooo slowwwwww .
 the whole time sit in the theater i want the movie to end .
 twenty minuet into a film and I be pray for an ending .
 sure some of the visual be nice , but c'mon guy , I mean really !
 and for a movie about a guy tune magical instrument there really be n't much music to speak of .
 the music there be be annoy , and boring .
 there be sound loud shrill sound at time too , those be also annoy .
 mainly this film manage to bore me , and creep me out at the same time.I be glad its over .
 I need to go see 'Tideland ' and wash this bad taste out of my mouth .
 this movie be easily the bad of the series .
 though New Line might just be look at sale , they all know the only reason this one make more money than the one prior be due to its 3D ending .
 it be n't that the 3-D be good either , because it be @card@ be 3D with the red and blue lenses(anaglyph .
 ) it be just the fact that people want to see what it would look like .
 beyond that this movie be so poorly do !
 bad script , bad character , bad acting , bad directing .
 this movie be try to push the camp factor almost to the point of be like a 'Looney Tunes ' episode.Seriously , not for horror audience , because it be corny and not scary , and not funny or amusing for comedy crowd .
 just a total mess with some really bad cameo that be still try to play this whole thing as camp and have it fall way short of what they probably wanted.I remember most of us who have be fan of this series be just pray that it would end at this point because of how bad it have get .
 this be one of the movie that help take horror out of popularity and ride a fad of belief that audience really want to laugh with some stupid comedy than see a good and scary horror film .
 ***THIS Post CONTAINS SPOILER(S)***I be not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor , but I worship him in all other way .
 he also have his own fan web site with 'Chuck Norris fact ' that be really entertaining .
 but this movie look like someone be joke with the audience put all those 'facts ' into one movie .
 I really do n't remember when I waste my time more than with this 'action ' .
 I do n't know what be the bad this movie can offer you : unoriginal and thousand-times-made plot of terrorist who be try to nuke US by smuggle nuke on US soil or perhaps that 'great ' dialog and chuck word of wisdom about life and everything else .
 someone may find the bad that terrorist actually speak English in everyday life .
 it be a never end list of crap .
 not to mention huge amount of archive footage use in film , that be kinda annoy .
 the chief terrorist send his comrade message through the medium when he be capture and the only guy smart enough to see the treat be : Chuck Norris , of course .
 no one else in America be not smart enough to see that !
 and the whole action in capture chief be just ridiculous .
 one man be send to walk through a whole terrorist camp UNARMED ( I be lie , he have a Knife ) , escape his stalker with Jet Pack and then para glide for few hundred , maybe even thousand kilometer to near shore ( Afganistan border be @card@ km far away from near shore ) , where he be rescue by submarine .
 I hope that at least fight scene will be good , but that be even more funny than the plot .
 if you do n't know , @card@ % of terrorist be master of some martial art , but Chuck and Co beat the sh*t out of them .
 not only they kill them easily , they can kick and throw them away by a single move and the bad guy fly few meter like doll .
 you may ask me do I watch this movie to the end ?
 I do .
 why ?
 because I just want to see who , of these two super hero , will defuse the nuclear bomb of few hundred megaton and size of a microwave .
 and then I realize what fool I be .
 of course , it be Chuck 's movie after all .
 and not only he singlehandedly defuse nuke with tweezers , but he do it - TWICE !
 !
 I could write a book about all the stupid thing in this movie , but I would spend my life spawn.So , maker of this movie make another Chuck Norris fact to be add on his web site : can Chuck Norris defuse nuclear bomb ?
 yes and he can do it twice !
 as a youth pastor I hear good thing about this movie .
 then I watch it .
 the act be n't the good .
 that be forgivable .
 it be the message that be not : give Jesus your life and everything will change - you will tackle well , make amazing catch , stop fumble , start make touchdown pass , and even make the playoff .
 all because Jesus magically turn horrible undersized weakling into All-American athlete .
 I laugh out loud when a coach quote scripture to explain to the kicker why he be miss field goal .
 but wait , that be not all .
 you will get a brand new truck , a $6000 raise , and you and your wife 's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice .
 then you will win the state championship because God help a weakling kick the winning field goal @card@ yard further than he be ever kick before - and into the wind , no less - all because 'God want him to make it .
 ' then you will win the state championship again the next year .
 none of this good stuff would have happen if the team have n't choose to follow Jesus will all their hearts.Here be what I take away from the movie : God can do anything he want to do whenever he want to do it - and it be all about make our life good , easy , and more enjoyable .
 he choose his favorite team and help them win game .
 which bible be this story base on ?
 I will bet Saint Stephen wish he have know the key to such a safe life before he be stone to death .
 someone should have make this movie before @card@ of the @card@ apostle be kill for follow Jesus .
 it would have save them all a lot of trouble .
 **SPOILERS Below !
 !
 !
 **Cabin Fever have my nod for WORST film of the year...that I have see that be .
 this movie be straight Garbage !
 there be so much wrong with the film you ca n't help but be amaze at how bad it really be .
 this movie have so much potential to be good , but ultimately make nothing of it .
 the character be as dumb as one can be ; for the entire movie you be just ask yourself 'why would you do that ?
 ' or 'what be your point in do this ?
 '...this be how illogical and stupid the character be .
 we get No background into them , so naturally you really do n't give a rat as$ about their fate...you could only laugh at their stupidity.- the 'slut ' ( Marcy ) for instance.. .
 be she that horny that she have to sleep with Paul ( Rider Strong ) ?
 there be no point in that....its almost as if the filmmaker need a excuse to give her the virus so voila !
 UGH.- Would anyone really go into the wood and drink water from the faucet of a cabin WITHOUT look at it first ?
 - why do n't Bert just shoot the sick guy from the start ?
 movie would have be over that way....besides , they end up kill him anyway.- why do it take them so long to finally decide to leave the cabin , even if they have to walk ?
 'No , I will just wait until @card@ of my friend be infected ( one a blink away from death ) to finally opt to walk outta there.- what be exactly the reasoning behind Paul 's attempt to fish out the body of the Hermit , only to fall in the contaminated reservoir and get infected with the virus ?
 pure stupidity !
 I swear , common sense be not a friend , much less an aquaintance to these idiot .
 I do n't think there have ever be a bad end to a movie .
 in the beginning the kid ask the hick store cashier what the rifle be for , and he reply that 'its for the nigger ' .
 in the end of the film , @card@ young black ( dress in baggy clothes , one of them in a du-rag no less ) go into the store....come to find out that the cashier be clean it for them to be use for hunting .
 then , he proceed to give them all pound and handshake and joke around with them as if they be his homeboys.Okay , what the HELL WAS THE Point of THAT ?
 !
 ?
 !
 ?
 !
 ?
 how tasteless can one be , what be the filmmakers THINKING put that in the movie ?
 I as a Black man be of course offend by the initial 'Nigger ' comment .
 it be a tasteless , pointless remark .
 my question to the filmmaker : what be the point of the ending with the Black kid ?
 be that to force me to forget about the initial racist comment make earlier ?
 to smooth thing over with Black viewer , by make a joke out of it ?
 well , I for one , do NOT find that pathetic attempt at humor funny in the least bit .
 the whole movie be a joke....a pathetic attempt at filmmak that should n't be give the time of day .
 Peter Jackson really think this film be that good ?
 what film be HE look at ?
 zero * out of **** stars....if I could give it a low rating I would .
 please , fellow IMDb'ers , do n't waste @card@ @card@ hour of your precious life watch this abomination of a 'movie ' .
 this be one of the bad movie I have ever see .
 relative to other Columbo movie , this can only be rate a @card@ ( awful ) .
 I seriously do not understand what the other reviewer have see in this appalling train-crash of a film .
 it be only through morbid fascination that I continue to watch it - to see what bizarre or inept decision the director would make next.Another reviewer suggest that it be Falk 's only directorial outing because it interfere with his acting role .
 in fact , I think the real reason lie with the studio boss , who must have be horrify when they see what he have do with their money .
 it be a wonder they do n't murder HIM .
 bad movie on earth .
 I do n't even know where to begin but I hope I can save another person from punish themselves with this movie .
 when it come to act and light , this movie be similar to a bad porno without the sex .
 the actor be some of the bad I have ever see , and could n't have be bad even if they be try to make a complete mockery of this movie .
 the movie must have have a record break low budget which I be sure be waste almost solely on the movie 's cover .
 this movie have now become a run joke with friend of mine and have become the standard for compare other garbage movie .
 I would like to point of that no other movie even begin to compare .
 I feel personally responsible for suggest a friend and me watch this movie and be surprise she still consider me a friend after the torment I put us through .
 do n't see this movie !
 seriously - avoid this movie at any cost .
 I just see it in my first 'sneak preview ' ever and although I pay non-refundable money for it , I walk out of the cinema after a mere @card@ minute .
 which already include @card@ minute of discussion among my friend whether or not to leave .
 first time EVER I walk out of a movie .
 and I live through some pretty bad ones.It be one of those film that be dub ( and badly so ) even though it be show in its original language .
 it rely on the old , simple and cheap joke in the book .
 on the military ( 'What do we do once we reach the fight zone ?
 ' - 'You get out of the car and die ' ; actually , it be much funny to read here that the way it be deliver in the film ) , on drug ( a guy eat some 'space cookie ' , behave really silly and miss his wedding or have to live through it while high - all badly write and act ) , on woman in the army ( 'Why do we only get trumpet ?
 we be promise gun !
 ' - 'That be the way it be , that be the way it will stay').. .
 Argh .
 okay , you might actually find these genuinely funny , but in that case you seriously scare me.Additionally , I have see well acting in the kind of soft porn film you get on European late night TV .
 so it have lame joke ( deliver badly ) , beyond low average acting , lack pace , be badly dub and edit it just do n't work .
 at least not on any level use as a measure for films.I would even be so bold as to say that this flick prove that there be people who can be a lot less funny zan zee German .
 and that be say something if you like stereotype .
 ( which I do n't , it be nice to play with them , though .
 just in case somebody think I be not be PC enough.)Instead of go to see this film , do something useful .
 try to teach crochet to prawn , paint your toenail in a really irritate colour , disassemble your bicycle , change some light bulb , try to understand Einstein 's theory , convert to a different religion and back - in fact , go and listen to 'Last Christmas ' by Wham !
 on endless repeat .
 anything , but do n't watch this awful flick .
 I usually enjoy Loretta Young 's early movie : her act back then be light and breezy , and she sure know how to wear clothes .
 but this one be just a loser from the word go except for a funny support turn by Glenda Farrell .
 Young be a hatcheck girl who talk her writer-husband ( Paul Lukas ) into become a championship bridge player .
 it be not the most cinematic of game , and the long , talky middle part in which their marriage fall apart just about kill the film.There 's one interesting bit though .
 as Lukas and Ferdinand Gottschalk start their climactic game , a series of quick shot show airplane , train , football game , even a diver in mid-air , freezing in anticipation of the event .
 it be the early use of a freeze frame I have see in an American film .
 wish the rest of it be that inventive-and funny .
 two film be useful for scare people to God , this and 'Event Horizon ' .
 one have a significant and poignant message , the other be as one-dimensional as a religious movie can get .
 too bad Paul Anderson go on to the accursed Resident Evil movie , he really have something going.Thief in the Night be hamper by many obvious independent film attribute ( act , storytelling , dialog , and persuasion ) and it be obvious what the film 's intention be from the start .
 the Christian film industry have n't learn from the failure of this , so we be stick with the Omega Code , leave behind , and the other tribulation movie .
 their underlie element be that they be so concern with sell their message : 'Get save , folk !
 ' that everything else become second to whack the audience over the head with a Bible.Overall , I ca n't believe I be even write this much about a movie this ineffective .
 skip it entirely and go back to Sam Neil gouging out his eyeball .
 @card@ out of @ord@ I be so disappoint .
 this movie leave me feel jipped out of my time and mental energy .
 here be the quintessential Woody Allen film all over again : the neurotic upper-class Manhattanites debate whether or not they will cheat on their spouse .
 Woody , I have see these character already , I have see the storyline from you ten time already .
 where do your creativity go ?
 ?
 ?
 you need to open your eye and look around you .
 the world have change dramatically since Annie Hall - and you need to change along with it.There be far more interesting and funny scenario to which you can apply your brand of angst and neuroticism - why not try them out instead of rehash the same old slop over and over and over again.When I hear that Woody Allen have a new project come out , it do nothing for me - because now I have come to expect his old standby : the couple who be grow tired of each other and end up cheating .
 depressing and same old , same old.If Woody want to win his fan back , then he have to understand that our sense of humor and intelligence have to be stimulate - not insult .
 all I can really say be that I be glad that I be knit sock while watch the movie , or I would be very angry for have waste @card@ hour of my life .
 the act be terrible , the plot be even bad .
 there be some scene that be mean to be serious that have my husband and I laugh out loud .
 I highly recommend this movie to people who like to do their own version of MST3K .
 awful , simply awful .
 it prove my theory about 'star power .
 ' this be suppose to be great TV because the guy who direct ( battlestar ) Titanica be the same guy who direct this shlop schtock schtick about a chick .
 B O R I N G.Find something a thousand time more interesting to do - like watch your TV with no picture and no sound .
 @card@ ( I rate it so high b/c there be n't any negative score in the IMDb.com rating system.)-ZaphoidPS : my theory about 'star power ' be : the more 'star power ' use in a show , the weak the show be .
 ( it be call an indirect proportionality : quality 1/'star power ' , less 'sp ' make for good quality , etc .
 another way to look at it be : 'more be less.')-Z OK , so , Chuck Norris somehow find a way to get this sequel produce .
 I have one question-why ?
 who read this script and say , 'Sound be great !
 original !
 ' this movie be regurgitate crap that I would n't tarnish my toilet bowel with .
 of course it be another story , follow in the tradition of MIA , Invasion USA , Walker , Texas Ranger , Delta Force and so on in which Chuck Norris , of course , be the one man who can same America from some bad guy .
 he do n't even need a gun most time .
 it be stupid patriotic jargon that stale the mind .
 big surprise that the only one who will direct these Norris film 's be Chuck 's son Eric .
 Eric Norris have primarily work on all his father 's film and TV show .
 do n't this strike anyone as a sign that he have no direct talent ?
 Afterall , he be direct the same people as before in the same story as before...only difference be the character ' name .
 if this be suppose to make me patriotic and cheer for the USA , than our country be in much bad shape than I ever imagine .
 hopefully , this will be the nail in Chuck Norris 's act coffin .
 the night of the prom : the most important night to any shallow girl compose almost entirely of plastic .
 and so the character keep remind us every ten minute when some head-peckingly miniscule event occur in their miniscule lives.There really be no excuse for Prom Night .
 there be less than nothing original about it and I truly would have give it zero or less star be it possible on IMDb .
 the only part of my viewing that I enjoy be when a group of teenager sit in front of us decide to play a game of 'ghosts ' .
 it be a lot more exciting than whatever be go on on the screen in front of them.The plot be basically some guy go on a rampage .
 and the thing be , it be n't even a slightly exciting rampage .
 maybe if the guy have be remotely frightening rather than a tame Robbie Williams lookalike with a baseball cap , I might have sit there feel slightly anxious .
 the fact that I care less about the character than I do about the colour of the cinema carpet do n't really add to the effect , either .
 and to make matter worse , the rest of the character be equally one-dimensional and oblivious .
 the hotel staff do n't seem to notice or care that one of their maid have vanish and be further proof that a murderer be unrecognisable after he have have a shave .
 I be incredibly surprise that the bitchy , stereotypical girl in the blue dress be the only person to notice who he be .
 she realise this and then proceed to fall down the stair , entangle herself in a plastic sheet and then knock over a pile of paint bucket .
 nice one.The bad thing be , I hold the belief that that the director be try his absolute hard .
 he really push all boundary by not show any killing actually happen .
 shocking !
 and the music , do n't even get me start .
 it be almost as appropriate as strip at a funeral.I really wish that Prom Night be a joke .
 it be terrible and stupidly predictable .
 no one , in their right mind or otherwise , have any reason to see this film .
 mainstream cinema seem to be go downhill and film like this worsen the situation .
 if you get the urge to see this absolutely awful film , hear my plea .
 do n't do it .
 there be good thing to spend six pound on .
 like a sheet to play ghost with .
 this be probably the bad movie ever , seriously .
 I could actually do well myself , it be n't even set up properly .
 it be like this movie have a $5 budget and leave with change .
 do n't watch it .
 I do n't even get all the way through this movie , have to turn it off .
 I have give this a @card@ because it be hilarious how the producer of this movie want it to be a horror movie , but actually turn into a really bad comedy .
 basically , a bunch of girl crash into a car , break a headlight , and the owner of that car go after them .
 the bit that i see be a woman with a gun tell a load of girl to take all their clothes off , what the hell ?
 it must be some kind of cheesy porn movie as well .
 what be in here ?
 !
 let me tell you .
 it be the presence of ( Alec Baldwin ) .
 he be not a great actor but maybe a nice star with some good movie which this be not one of them .
 he do nothing here more than anything he do before or after .
 so not to mention ( literally !
 ) the matter of ( Steve McQueen ) be at the same role in the original because I do n't want to make that comparison in the first place .
 I be not a big fan or even a fan of ( Kim Basinger ) , she get a lot of bad movie on her and even at her good she look average !
 and it get on my nerve indeed whenever they talk about her seductive rare beauty !
 !
 ?
 ?
 well , if be a blond would make anyone captivate then I will dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible !
 and what be it with all the craziness over miss Basinger 's Legs ?
 ?
 !
 !
 it be surely insanity or bad taste ?
 as I do n't see them both as not sexy only , but UGLY too !
 and if you hate that so shoot me down but you know what ?
 !
 I have just watch this movie so I be dead already !
 .
 yet , what would make you really suffer in unbearable way be that nothing of the credit go to the one she deserve the mostAnd of course I mean ( Jennifer Tilly)..Now we be talk about a true genuine seductive chick with such unforgettable body and one unique sense of allurement like a nasty brunette ( Marilyn Monroe ) however much more healthier !
 !
 ( I ca n't help it , she be the only new and watchable thing in here !
 ) .
 ( Michael Madsen ) as the bad guy be much appeal as well as effective more than the good guy , ( James Woods ) be here to summarize the early event beside the pool ( so the trailer would be by his voice later !
 ) and he know before all that this be a whole Hollywood 's stuff so 'Do your thing , take your cash , and good luck as an actor in other movie !
 ' , the edit give the movie a serious personality along with violent atmosphere do by suitable shine cinematography , so the main good of it ( the action , the thrill , .
 .
 ) be here and fairly well-made , though any echo for deep meaning about ( the kind of betrayal ) as the main dramatic motif of the whole thing be not that strong so do n't wait for it .
 OK , it be all in all another remake without anything special ( except Jennifer Tilly 's spicy moment !
 ) so I think I try to be objective as much as I could therefore I should n't end my review say that ( Basinger ) or anyone here do good than this movie. .
 it would be an insult because frankly. .
 anything be good than this movie !
 me , my boyfriend , and our friend watch this 'movie ' if thats what u wanna call it , and we agree with the last person , but we be stupid and buy the damn thing , we think it really be about diablo so we buy it.we hate it really SUXZ !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 so beware : do NOT BUY This Thing THEY CALL A Movie !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 we would return it , but do n't no if anybody would want this stupid movie.oh and another thing , the should n't call it 'The Legend of Diablo ' they should of call it 'Legend of Azar'.and this movie be rate R ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 ?
 this should not of even be not rated.we think that Diablo would be cry his eye out laugh at this stupid movie.this be a movie that would have be do by a Church.theses 'actors ' be never gonna become nothing because this movie .
 for starter , 'Hobgoblins ' try to ape the more successful 'Gremlins ' .
 that be bad enough but they do n't even try to make anything that closely resemble a movie here .
 instead , it be more like a bargain basement , everything-must-go clearance of embarrassing scene , inappropriate sound FX , act as bland as unflavored tapioca and a script that take everything human hold sacred in their motion picture and throw them down the old tube-aroo.The plot ?
 Grrrr... .
 meddling kid track down gremlin-like creature from movie lot before they kill people by project their fantasy .
 sound cool , do it ?
 well , see that wall on the other side of your room ?
 run right at it , top speed , face first .
 see , THAT be cool than this movie.You dare to doubt ?
 quick , name something else one of the lead have be in other than this .
 what other script have the writer do since 'Hobgoblins ' ?
 name another Rick Sloane directoral effort .
 how many 'Hobgoblins ' action figure do you have ?
 see ?
 thank you.I can believe I take so long to write about such a horrible film .
 I will rather write about more important thing ; like the separation of church and state , economic restructuring in Europe , that kind of thing .
 but no , 'Hobgoblins ' it be and it be bad - bad like your grandparent ' wallpaper , bad as pink flamingo on your lawn , bad like underwear that say 'Home of the Whopper'...and I think we will stop there.Well , Mike and the robot fight valiantly but try as they might , they can do only so much with 'Hobgoblins ' before they realize that , yes , the director Does need kick in the shin.Real , real hard.One star for 'Hobgoblins ' , seven star for the MST3K version .
 I happen to have buy one of those 'Legacy of Horror ' @card@ movie pack collection and would you believe I be still look through them to find a good HORROR movie in it .
 sometimes you find an enjoyable yet campy one like the Devil 's Messenger or the Devil Bat , or one of the great Alfred Hitchcock 's film ( some be n't horror however and be only on there because Hitchcock direct some horror and suspense ) but other time it seem that they put movie like the Island Monster and this on because they ca n't accept the fact they would easily be forget and should be for that matter.So we open up to sort of a Westing game idea .
 the rich yet cruel and abusive father play by Carradine ( the one standing feature of this ) have die and leave his inheritance to his child and servant who he still hate .
 Carradine give a good enough performance as always , but he be leave mainly in a voice recording and flashback sequence leave us to sit through the mediocre/terrible performance .
 the rest of the cast either overact or underact in scene .
 give this be an independent film of the @card@ be the lighting and effect be pretty limit .
 it be hard to build a lot of tension when the viewer ca n't see what be happen that well in some scene .
 some actor like the servant Igor and Elga give an effort at least and I be ashamed to admit kind of leave me chuckle at the end mainly for the sheer stupidity but still with some very minor happiness that they pull some version of a twist to an otherwise pretty obvious who-done-it but not enough to enhance the quality of the film .
 you be n't mean to like the character as they be either selfish and cruel or psychotic , but it take it to a whole new level and make many unwatchable .
 the death scene be pretty bad and the suspense be not really there .
 it prove that you would probably enjoy the @card@ movie pack 'Chilling ' contain film like House on a Haunted Hill , Little Shop of horror be with Jack Nicholson , and Night of the live Dead over it .
 this be well avoid .
 bad mistake of my life.I pick this movie up at Target for $5 because I figure , 'Hey , it 's Sandler I can get some cheap laugh ' .
 I be wrong , completely wrong .
 Mid-way through the film all three of my friend be asleep and I be still suffer .
 bad plot , Worst script , Worst movie I have ever see .
 I want to hit my head up against a wall for an hour , then I will stop , and you know why ?
 because it feel damn good .
 upon bash my head in i stick that damn movie in the microwave and watch it burn....and that feel good than anything else I have ever do .
 it take American Psycho , Army of Darkness , and Kill Bill just to get over that crap .
 I hate you SANDLER for ACTUALLY Going THROUGH WITH This and RUINING A WHOLE Day of My Life !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 this movie make me feel as if I have miss some important scene from the very beginning .
 there be continuity error and plot that stop as abruptly as they start .
 I be very disappoint because I love Whoopi Goldberg & Danny Glover , in addition to that have always trust & respect Danny Glovers taste in his choice of role , 'Grand Canyon ' for example .
 I just could not finish this movie , after what seem an eternity , but be probably just a little over an hour ; we have to turn it off .
 there be no comedy , there be nothing about the character to make you empathize or sympathize with them , there be no evoke of emotion at all regard this movie and the clip of their past be poorly edit , confusing , and unnecessary .
 what could have be a great idea for a movie , even as a drama & not a comedy ( although I think a comedy in this situation would have be good , because I love to watch white people freak out & start act like complete idiot , it make me laugh ) become a waste of my $1 credit at the video store .
 I only today , pick this up at the @card@ cent only store today , and I still think I get rip off .
 'Dream to Believe ' be a pretty boring and unrealistic gymnastics drama and $1 be just too freakin ' expensive for this .
 this film be probably only notable for @card@ thing : @ord@ it have a young Keanu Reeves .
 and @ord@ it be direct by Paul Lynch , the man who also do promo Night .
 now onto the movie.It be about a girl name Robin ( Played by Olivia D'Abo ) who be badly injure from a car accident that also cost her father 's life .
 so the accident prevent her from compete in gymnastic tournament , she be often pick on during her class and eventually she meet some wild kid name Tommy ( Played by Keanu .
 ) Robin , when not in training , work part-time , along with her mother and stepsister , at a Laundromat own by her abusive stepfather .
 eventually she be choose to compete.Overall , Keanu alone and some catchy 80s tune be what prevent me from give this @card@ star , and it be also not one of the bad movie ever , but still far from good .
 the DVD itself be not get any medal either as it appear to be sourced from an old VHS and towards the end , the sound go out of sync and when the end credit be almost over , it fade to black , even though sound can still be hear .
 so this can probably be pass as a bootleg .
 the DVD artwork make no sense either as it have what appear to be recent photo of Keanu and Olivia and the background have nothing to do with the movie , as it be also not in the movie itself , so the cover be obviously photoshopped .
 in any case , avoid at all cost , unless you be a Keanu fanatic .
 I probably wo n't be hang to it any longer .
 I be probably gonna give it to the Cinema Snob , who be a great YT critic btw .
 hey , if any of you have any crappy movie that they no longer want in their sight , feel free to donate to him to keep his show running .
 ...let me count the ways.1 .
 a title-only 'remake ' that pull out every clich in the slasher handbook.2 .
 a plot so predictable that it become quite pathetic.3 .
 a completely weak execution of all attempt at suspense or thrills.4 .
 a PG-13 rating that insure no gore , violence , or sex.5 .
 a villain that be not frightening or even mysterious.6 .
 a cast of character that be so thinly write and stereotype that we could n't possibly care about them.7 .
 a lack of any effectively creepy atmosphere ( much unlike the original Prom Night).8 .
 a script of dialog that be beyond poor - it 's mind numbing.9 .
 a series of cardboard performance ( not sure whether to blame the actor or the lousy aforementioned script for that).10 .
 a completely inept teen-targeted slasher remake that be not brave enough to attempt to have an imagination - or even to show a puddle of blood.It be a no-brainer horror fan , save your money.BOMB out of **** this be the big piece of crap ever .
 it look like they spend more time , effort , and money make the DVD cover than they do on the actual movie .
 I really think the DVD have be switch out with someone 's homemade porno until I recognize one of the actor from the cover .
 this movie look like someone make it with a hundred buck and a camcorder and they spend half of that on rat .
 the picture be really clear , but that , along with the very unfortunate lighting , cinematography , if you can call it that , production , act , if that be actually what they be do , and script , if they have one , make this movie look bad than an old porno .
 at least the old porno have a point .
 this just look like some PETA member get together and decide to make a really disturbing , pointless PSA about animal right and feeling .
 this be so not worth the money or the time .
 it have nothing in common with the actual BTK serial killer other than the name of the killer and that of some of the victim .
 the people who make this movie should be glad he be not still free , or he might have come after them just for screw up this movie so bad .
 a friend of mine buy this film for @card@ , and even then it be grossly overprice .
 despite feature big name such as Adam Sandler , Billy Bob Thornton and the incredibly talented Burt Young , this film be about as funny as take a chisel and hammer it straight through your earhole .
 it use tired , bottom of the barrel comedic technique - consistently break the fourth wall as Sandler talk to the audience , and seemingly pointless montage of 'hot girls'.Adam Sandler play a waiter on a cruise ship who want to make it as a successful comedian in order to become successful with woman .
 when the ship 's resident comedian - the shamelessly name 'Dickie ' due to his unfathomable success with the opposite gender - be presume lose at sea , Sandler 's character Shecker get his big break .
 Dickie be not dead , he be rather lock in the bathroom , presumably sea sick.Perhaps from his mouth he just vomit the bad film of all time .
 I should have trust my instinct well : no expectation - no disappointment .
 instead , however , I expect to experience a similar masterpiece like Koyaanisqatsi ( @card@ ) and be brutally disappoint .
 Powaqqatsi be in my humble opinion nothing but a cheap attempt to cash in on the cult success of its predecessor , and - artistically - it fail miserably .
 it appear some producer gather up leftover material from Koyaanisqatsi , hurriedly throw it together , place everything in slow motion and get some pop entertainer under the pseudonym of Philip Glass to hurriedly throw together some banal background music , which be incessantly repeat .
 where Koyaanisqatsi entertain the viewer with clever fast and slow motion change , Powaqqatsi be one long sequence of mundane image in slow-motion ( if you view them on your VCR in fast preview mode , you will see what I mean ) .
 what disappoint me the most , however , be Philip Glass 's soundtrack .
 I could n't - and still ca n't - believe that these commercial-sounding New Age type drone , which could easily have be compose in one afternoon by any 14-year-old on a Casio calculator , be from the same composer who so brilliantly compose the emotional and perfectly-synchronized music for Koyaanisqatsi .
 all in all , a big waste of time !
 my advice : forget commercialism !
 watch Koyaanisqatsi again instead !
 what a waste of time !
 I have try to sit through 'Sky Captain. .
 ' about @card@ time , and every time , within about @card@ minute , I start do something else - anything else !
 it be a downright boring movie , the acting be terrible , the write dull , and obviously a first-time director , because it be stiff .
 and I want to love it .
 I love sci-fi , the old cliffhanger , and I can appreciate the attempt at nod to Flash Gordon , and Metropolis , but my God , what a waste of money .
 I use to work for Paramount Pictures , and I have write Sherry Lansing in @card@ about use blue screen for screen test .
 she tell me they will never have an interest or need to do it .
 @card@ year later , Paramount release this piece of crap .
 Sherry be right in @card@ , but must have forget her own advice when she greenlighted this dog .
 blue screen an effect shot , but not an entire movie .
 Let 's not forget , neither Jude nor Jolie be terrific actor ( but easy on the eye ) .
 Paltrow 's performance remind me of a high school effort .
 too bad - it could have work , but only under a skilled director .
 the funny thing be , Sky Captain 's director will keep get work , even after this dreck .
 it be commerce , not art !
 I shall not waste my time write anything much further about how every aspect of this film be indescribably bad .
 that have be do in great detail already , many time over .
 the 'plot ' start out as a very uninspire cockney wide-boy/gangster-by-numbers bear and very quickly descend into an utter shambles .
 anybody who pretend that they can see some hidden masterpiece inside this awful mess be just kid themselves .
 it be now @card@ or @card@ year since I watch it during its @card@ week run at the cinema before it be pull , yet it stick in my mind for be easily the most terrible film I have ever seen.I be only make these comment , and indeed the only reason I go to see the film , be because of the amusing fact that my brother Eddie appear in it as the second 'heavy ' in the pub scene .
 it be his hand that thrust a Zippo light towards Rhys Ifan 's face in the bar in 'Russia ' ( it be actually film at the former Butlins holiday camp at Barry Island ) .
 my brother have absolutely no act experience whatsoever - he have recently join an extra ' agency and this be his first part .
 have see the film , it appear that nobody in it require any act experience whatsoever.I remember there be about @card@ people in the whole cinema - and this be just a couple of day after it have be release .
 I have never hear of an other film that be so unpopular and disappear so fast - and rightly so .
 in case you be think of rent this film on DVD , I would advise you instead to put your two pound coin in a fire until they be red-hot , then jam them into your eye socket .
 this will probably be a lot less painful than watch the film .
 everybody who want to be an editor should watch this movie !
 it show you about every mistake not to do in edit a movie !
 my grandma could have do well than that !
 but that be not the only reason why this movie be really bad !
 ( it be actually so bad that I be not able to write a sentence without exclamation mark !
 ) if the first episode of Les Visiteurs ' be a quite good familial comedy with funny joke and cult dialogue , this sequel be copy badly the receipe of the first one .
 the funny part could be count on one hand and maybe half of it .
 clavier be over-acting his role even more than in the first part , Robin be try to act like Lemercier ( because she be replace her ) but that be grotesque ' .
 Lemercier be Lemercier , Robin be Robin !
 even if Muriel Robin can be funny by herself on stage , she be not in this movie because she be not act as she use to act .
 I know that it should be hard to replace somebody who be good in a role ( Lemercier obtain a Csar award for her role in the first movie ) but she make a big mistake : instead of play her role , she play Lemercier play her role ' !
 as for the story , it be just too much !
 of course we know at he end of the first movie that there would be a sequel but Poir and Clavier should hae try to write a more simple story like the first episode .
 the gag be repetitive , childish and dj-vu .
 no , really , there be no more than @card@ funny part in this .
 the only good thing might be the costume and some special effect .
 so you have only @card@ reason to watch it : 1 ) if you want to learn how to edit awfully a movie , @card@ ) if you want to waste your time or if you really need a brainless moment ' !
 @card@ I do not even want to call this thing a film - it be a movie that should not have win any award .
 the act be horrible as be the silly scenario .
 this be exactly the sort of film that so many folk think cater to an NRI audience but be in fact loathe abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of 'trying ' throughout the movie.I find it strange that so many actor conversant with the English language have such a hard time do so convincingly in front of the camera .
 I be sure many reader know what I be talk about - all those token English phrase throw into a movie , in Hindi and in regional cinema for cool point .
 there be few Indian movie in which the English seem completely genuine - be Cyrus be a recent one .
 although not a great film , it be a good film and the language do not seem 'put on'.I feel ashamed that P3 be award the NFA in @ord@ the only semi-enjoyable part of this rubbish be Konkana and a somewhat catchy background score .
 other than that , do not even waste your time with this film .
 see this piece of work at a film fest in Ca .
 my god , what be the director thinking ?
 film professor should use this film as a case study on what NOT to do when make a short film .
 first off , this project make absolutely no sense whatsoever .
 the film take place partially in 'The Waystation ' , some stupid vapid bar in the middle of nowhere , where nothing really take place.THe acting be beyond bad .
 so bad in fact that I almost think it be a comedy .
 the lead actress Julia Reading be a step below the act in most amateur porn film .
 there be one or two decent performance , include the guy who play Jacob and Fenner but it be like the director have no clue on how to work or use his Thespian .
 the only thing bad than the act be the dialogue , which border on absurd .
 the writer ( whom I assume be also the director ) write each character like they be audition for a comic book villain.The overall production value be pretty good , but to be honest , with a film this bad it be easy to overlook it .
 the production design be pretty good , although the Waystation look like any ordinary bar .
 the costume and make-up be okay , and I understand the production be work with a low budget .
 it be just when the character speak , or they try and push the plot forward , the film unravel into a muck of crap.As I have say , this film be god awful .
 it be like the director/writer watch a lot of sci-fi film and throw all the part he like into a blender and come up with this .
 my only hope be that he use other people 's money on this , because if he use his own , he be a total sucker .
 when I first watch the show , the first few episode seem promising .
 Bill Compton introduce himself as the stereotypical 'mysterious ' vampire and Sookie present herself as an independent woman .
 however , the show go downhill from here and the once interesting character be as entertaining as a cardboard box.As the story progress the main character lose their original personality , along with their acting ability .
 by episode @card@ , Bill 's furrow eyebrow be so low that his face just consist of a forehead .
 Sookie , or rather the actress , be even more dead than her vampire lover .
 all these tragic event be surround her and she only react to how enjoyable it be lose her virginity .
 personally , I think they make the main character sleep with each other too early in the show .
 the way they tease each other be something that have me hook and could easily be toy with a bit more .
 as soon as Sookie lose it she strut around like a total ditz , only think of Bill 's libido and the size of his appendage .
 Bill also lose his debonair attitude and well , he just get plain silly .
 his action be never really explain except he do it for Sookie .
 why ?
 their love for each other be never delve into , if there be any love .
 so far it just seem to be sex that be the core of their relationship.Yeah , yeah , vampire usually equal sex but come on .
 every five second I see some sort of hump go on .
 it be n't that much of a surprise , since HBO always try to pass of a soft core porno as a decent TV show .
 bill pop out of the dirt and just get it on with Sookie with no reason what be so ever ?
 I laugh so hard I almost pee myself.The plot be just a stream of consciousness .
 the character never go into detail about anything .
 all the event that happen be usually leave unexplained .
 the only thing that be constant be the sex.The only thing I can say that I do like be the minor character .
 Tara and her drunk mother be far more interesting than the major character .
 the only reason why I continue to watch the show be for the development of the minor characters.Minus the sex and the main character the show would be much more worthwhile .
 this be surely one of the bad film ever make and release by a major Hollywood studio .
 the plot be simply stupid .
 the dialog be write in clichs ; you can complete a great many sentence in the script because of this .
 the acting be ridiculously bad , especially that of Rod Cameron .
 the 'choreography ' be silly and wholly unerotic .
 one can only pity the reviewer who see 23-year-old Yvonne 's dance as sexual ; it be merely very bad choreography .
 the ballet scene in the film 's beginning be especially ludicrous .
 if you be into bad movie and enjoy laugh at some of Hollywood 's turkey , this be for you .
 I buy the colorized version on VHS , make the movie even bad .
 Yvonne 's heavy makeup , when color , have her look like a clown all the time .
 and she be the good part of this film .
 what a way to launch a career .
 everything about this film be hog wash .
 pitiful acting , awful dialog , ugly native girl .
 this movie sink into oblivion !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 the director must have be a weekend bender .
 Robert C. be totally lose and have not get a clue on what be go on .
 the college kid be bad .
 no act talent at all , very stupid reasoning , and just down right dumbbell .
 special effect be for the bird .
 the so call security force around this park belong in toy land : with stupid look gun , walkie talkie that be useless ; and a computer system that rank with a roll of toilet paper .
 if the park be under construction and nothing work ; why bother invite potential client until everything be complete .
 the writer should be the first victim of the mess along with the producer and the crew .
 the whole film belong in a septic tank shoot to another planet for viewing .
 what a gem .
 convict should have to watch this , so they can commit suicide .
 normally I be quite dispose to like low budget gonzo film , but Darkman III be so appallingly unengaging that I feel nothing but contempt for it.It look and feel like a TV show , and a particularly shoddy one at that .
 the set be sparse , the lighting flat , the score and effect disjoint , and the camerawork be film school @ord@ there be no plot to speak of , the character be one dimensional , and the actor be sleepwalk .
 most of the cast look like they should be do soft core porn.... .
 in fact , the only reward that I get from this mess be spot the startling squint face Roxann Biggs-Dawson ( B'Elanna from Star Trek : Voyager ) without her Klingon bumpy head makeup on .
 her skin tone be about two shade light than it be in Voyager ; either she have be bleach down for this role , or black up for Voyager .
 very strange either way .
 this movie be so ridiculous i never even finish watch it i actually think someone have make their own version and dub it onto the DVD from the movie store .
 this movie make me sick not because it be gory , but because i waste @card@ @card@ on it !
 !
 !
 !
 it look like my brother and i go into a house and make the movie ourselves and edit slaughterhouse footage into it !
 I be so tick off , even the BTK Killer deserve more credit than that it be not even accurate i mean come on the cow head be obviously make out of play dough or BUBBLE Gum OMG I cant even get all the word out to explain it do NOT WATCH This Movie !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 I have nothing more to say but it be awful .
 I can imagine why Helen Mirren and other be part of this degrading mess .
 and if certain actor do n't want people to question their sexuality then perhaps they should refrain from make more of these film .
 there be at least one see that leave me curious .
 just my opinion .
 shudder to think what be go on that be cut from the film .
 shudder to wonder what go through the mind of the actor who make this film .
 shudder to think about the think process and voyeurism that go on in the director mind .
 like I state before its a degrading mess .
 its not even funny .
 as Ebert say of the film Caligula with Malcolm McDowell , its not a good film , not a good story and its not even good porn .
 YEESHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH........... .
 i should love this movie .
 the acting be very good and Barbara Stanwyck be great but the the movie have always seem very trite to me .
 the movie make work class people look low and cheap .the fact that the daughter be ashamed of her mother and that the daughter do not rise above it have always make me a bit uneasy .
 Barbara Stanwyck as the mother worship the daughter but the daughter forgo a mother love to find happiness with her well to do father family .
 i wonder how many other who have see this film feel this way about it.again the act be very very good and worth watching .
 i really do n't like the story line .
 just a personal preference .thank you the big mystery of Veronica Mars be not one that she have to tackle on screen.Rather , the mystery be why this perennial rating disappointment be still on the air .
 this week mark a nadir for Veronica Mars : it rank @card@ out of @card@ show in the big @card@ ( soon to be Big @card@ ) .
 yes , you read right .
 Veronica Mars be beat by every show of the now-defunct WB and every show on UPN .
 it be beat by all the show on Fox and of course by all the show on ABC , CBS and NBC.Now , the hip hypesters be go to say : but this be a re-run .
 but everything on TV that week be pretty much a re-run !
 it boggle the mind why CW would choose this proved rating disappointment as one of the few show it save from UPN.Clearly something be go on behind the scene .
 favors be be exchange and influence peddled.Sorry to be so cynical , but what other explanation be there ?
 the 'Veronica Mars have potential ' line be clearly dead now that it have have two year to establish itself and fail to do so.Maybe it be Joel Silver 's influence and clout , but frankly , I be at a loss why anyone would choose to spend their clout on a bad show that no audience be watching.A great mystery and a very inauspicious debut for CW .
 this movie be another one on my List of Movies not to Bother with .
 see it @card@ year ago as an adolescent , stay up late to do so , be very annoy to find that it be about @card@ % romance,4 % everything else , @card@ % history if that .
 it be what I call a bait and switch movie , one with an interesting title , the actual movie be a scam .
 this be a subject which deserve a good cinematic treatment , this movie be almost an insult to those who serve .
 the actual member of the Lafayette Escadrille be not on the run from the law nor be they the product of abusive home , they be in reality idealist who want to do something to help France .
 and I suspect many of them come from a more upper class background than Tab Hunter 's character .
 fly school be not for the smart aleck and the know it all , an individual such as the one portray here would n't have last two day , it would have either be the stockade or the infantry .
 discipline in the French army be often rather fierce .
 in short , another Hollywierd version of an historical episode that deserve proper treatment .
 come on , let be get real .
 the Knights of Christ , Ordo Templi , or the Knights Templar as they be more commonly call do not even exist until the early 12th century .
 the story be so laughable that it be pathetic .
 Dolph Lundgren just look positively bore .
 and besides , if you want to have a real-life Templar , why not just use the Knights of Christ , who be still in existence in Portugal .
 at least they should have take history into account .
 the only redeeming quality I could find in this movie be that the artifact look authentic enough to pass for medieval or Gothic period piece .
 the act be bad , the storyline appalling , the action horrible , and the prop be okay .
 well it look good on paper,Nick Cage and Jerry Buckheimer collaborate again , this time on a mix of heist movie , Da Vinci Code,American history @card@ and Indiana Jones .
 but oh dear , this be to Indiana Jones what speed @card@ be to speed .
 a reasonable cast(including John Voight and Harvey Keitel ) battle against a puerile script and lose badly .
 the film be little more than an extended advert for the Freemasons.However these Freemason be not your usual shopkeeper who use funny handshake and play golf , these Freemason be the natural descendant of the Knights Templar ( and nobody mention 'From hell ' or Jack the Ripper.)I do n't think I have reveal any plot spoiler because there be none .
 there be virtually no suspense , no surprise and no climax- it just stop .
 National Treasure aim for Dan Brown but hit the same intellectual level as an episode of Scooby Doo sans the humour .
 this movie be heavily mar by the presence of Steven Seagal .
 or as I should say Steven So-dull !
 like before Seagal be either too good or too stupid to re-dub his own line , leave someone to impersonate his voice for the shot where the sound need to be loop .
 a few film before this be he have do this too , but I do n't think to this extent !
 to be honest the film look pretty good , the script could use some work but part of this film look like a real movie !
 of course , all tell , this film be pretty bad.It would have be much good without Seagal who have become a cartoon of himself .
 do n't bother .
 anything over a buck for this one be too much !
 I honestly think this be the last time for me and a Seagal film .
 what be take me so long to realize this ?
 !
 I be a big Porsche fan , and the car be the good star in this film.Haim , the now dry up drug abuse child star of the @card@ 's be bland as per usual , and comment on back up from minor characters/actors would be pointless ; needless to say they be all very average .
 it be a cool movie as a trip down memory lane into the @card@ be - with some weird clothes , some good shot of the Colorado backdrop and a very harmless albeit mind numb plot.All in all , please do n't waste your time watch this unless you love @card@ 's movie , Corey Haim , or like myself , love old school Porsches ( this one in particular look great ) because life be too short to watch crappy movie .
 I have see this movie and the other one .
 Trinity be my name and i find that this one be worse then the first one .
 I have no idea why they even make another movie it be stupid and pointless sorry to say that i have all of them .
 I have sit through them number of time and it still drive me to turn it off @card@ minute into the movie .
 I like Terence Hill movie and i like Bud Spencer but this movie just drive me up the wall .
 if it have a different story line or at least more of a plot and more comedy it might have be funner and worth the @card@ dollar i spend buy all the movie .
 but you make mistake so i would say save your money and do n't bye this movie or any of the one that go with it trust me on this one .
 this really be the most dreadful film I have ever see .
 I simply have no idea how anyone have the audacity to put this on release.The production standard be atrocious .
 there be no pretence here at cinematography .
 the camera work , script , act and sound be unbelievably crass .
 I think there be a plot , but it could have be do in @card@ minute spare us the time to watch it .
 the hysterical neurotic girl at the centre of this piece have no credibility whatsoever.I would urge anyone to avoid spend any time or money on this title .
 it be truly atrocious.JDD - @card@ December @card@ I will like to start off by say that I be NOT an anime fan ( with a few notable exception ) , and I generally have a low opinion of so-called otakus , as they be so in love with their particular brand of cartooning that they label every movie star spiky-haired , big-eyed character as a work of art without even consider other more vital factor , such as the plot .
 and no anime movie well represent this division between otakus and people with actual taste than this elegant piece of trash , Fatal Fury : the Motion Picture.As see through the glassy , witless eye of an otaku , there be little to find fault with in fatal Fury-- there be plenty of quirky Japanese-y humor , one-on-one duel , some 'dramatic ' moment , and everything be beautifully draw .
 but everyone else will be turn off by the cliched , predictable plot with cliched , predictable character , culminate in a cliched , predictable ending .
 the love scene be hilariously overblown-- the scene in which Sulia 'heals ' Terry be obviously intend to be a tender moment , but it be virtually impossible to not be throw into spiral of giddy laughter by the sheer ludicrousness of it .
 and of course , Fatal Fury be not without the obligatory cartoon T&A-- ; this be supply gratuitously by the huge-breasted Mai Shiranui .
 and since fatal Fury be base off the video game series of the same name ( oh boy ) , we be treat to numerous pointless cameo appearance by popular character with little or no relevance to the plot whatsoever ( they go through all the trouble of introduce Kim early on , only for him to disappear from the movie totally after that point ) .
 this mess of a movie reach its climax with the unintentionally farcical final battle , in which all the main character engage the all-powerful main villain in one-on-one combat in turn .
 that be some thing that be always amused me.. .
 even when battle in animes AREN'T take place in a tournament , they always happen as if they be , regardless of the fact that it make no sense whatsoever !
 Otakus always rave about how anime movie should be treat as MOVIES as oppose to merely cartoon , and a disturbing portion of those same people love fatal Fury .
 so would fatal Fury have be good if it be n't an anime ?
 the answer be an emphatic 'no'-- all of this movie 's charm , what little of it there be , reside in the actual drawing .
 have fatal Fury not be an anime , it would have be worthy of an episode of Mystery Science Theater @card@ , if the show be still on the air .
 that be the key-- this be nothing more than a laughably bad B-movie in the guise of an anime epic .
 if you be a fan of movie so bad that they be actually entertaining , consider rent fatal Fury ( or catch it on the Sci-Fi channel ) , as it be definitely one of those .
 if you be an otaku , please Wake up and realize that a good @card@ % of the stuff you be watch be garbage .
 as for everyone else , buy a Dreamcast and Fatal Fury : mark of the Wolves , but do n't even consider see this movie .
 OK first of all let me say that i be still amaze of how the plot sucks,but than again its a movie that sequel a Steven segal movie only with no Steven segal omg !
 !
 !
 just random low budget action scene really no point i be still amaze i burn @card@ min on this crap really !
 !
 just rent a Jacky Chan movie or go see wwf more fun and have no and presume not to have and plot !
 !
 !
 plz plz plz avoid it !
 !
 btw the good actor play there be bill Goldberg and that say a lot !
 !
 and no he do n't play very well like i say plz avoid it pfff i still cant believe i waste @card@ min and spend @card@ min more write this !
 !
 : ) I could n't believe I spend $14.00 on this .
 the only redeeming quality be the outrageous gore .
 the dubbing be bad than any I have ever experience .
 it look like it be shoot with a VHS camcorder .
 I think every pfennig be spend on the special effect because there be a whole lot of blood and body part everywhere .
 its one of the bad movie I have ever see but I do have to acknowledge the plentiful gore that be n't as disgusting as it could have be because the whole movie be so silly and unbelievable I still find it difficult to comprehend that a movie as bad as this could be make in Hollywood .
 the acting and story be simply pathetic & the direction be awful .
 I do n't see any logic behind this trash except may be that the director have nothing good to do .
 I take me ten minute to realize that i have waste my precious thirty rupee .
 it fill me with dismay that i be go to waste some more time of my life on this crap .
 I bet the movie be make in less than a day .
 I do n't know what category it fall into .
 please , avoid this movie at all cost , just do anything , even bang your head against wall but do n't go for this movie .
 a short review but...Avoid at all cost , a thorough waste of 90mins .
 at the end of the film I be none the wise as to what have actually happen .
 it be full of cameo ( Stephen Fry ( 3mins ) , Jack Dee ( @card@ sec ) , the 'Philadelphia ' girl ) and some vaguely recognisable people but it just do n't make any sense .
 whether the story just get lose in the edit I do n't now but jeez...Put on a DVD instead or go to bed and get some rest !
 !
 !
 @card@ out of @card@ ( for the cameo and a Morris Minor car chase ) this be probably one of the bad movie I have ever see .
 Jessica Simpson not only lack any acting skill , but the script be incredibly shallow and lame .
 you actually hear serious dialogue that go , 'I love you more .
 ' 'No , I love you more .
 ' I stop watch the movie ( online ) after the first half hour , I could n't take it anymore .
 her 'southern girl charm ' just do n't work and be really quite annoy ; her attempt at slapstick humor fall flat and she deliver line like she be read the script right off the page.Poor Luke Wilson .
 do he not read the script before agree to do this , or do he fall for Papa Joe 's ( Jessica 's dad and also the producer of the movie ) promise of big profit ?
 hopefully he now know well than to sign on to another movie like this .
 Luke Wilson be actually a good actor - I hate see the pained look on his face as he suffer through the bad dialogue.Also , I think the previous commenter give this movie an @card@ out of @card@ be probably either involve in the movie somehow or hire by Papa Joe to give the movie a good rating .
 no one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging.Jessica have lot of money , right ?
 maybe buy some act lesson ?
 if there be a Zero rating , I would give it to this movie .
 today be the second time I try to watch it and I still could n't make it through from begin to end .
 I ca n't believe the multiple star give by other & can only assume they either know the actor or be a publicist in disguise !
 the acting be atrocious all around , the script be blah , the kid play Nichole show zero emotion even when she be be threaten .
 the 'southern ' accent from the actress play Amber 's mom be laughable - I be from Georgia and have friend from Texas - believe me NOBODY talk like that !
 none of her emotion seem real in any scene .
 the subject matter be very serious and deserve much good treatment .
 this be the most pointless film i have ever see as there be no plot and the actor do not seem to care .
 @card@ % of the film have absolutely no plot whatsoever , i laugh so much my rib begin to ache .
 the bit where the old man when to capture Robert Duvall be ludicrous .
 on a directorial level make a noir film do not involve lot of rain sequence and pointless closeup on the main character .
 this be a failed attempt to create a noir thriller and instead alienate the viewer with incoherent scene .
 see as this be base on a 'manuscript ' by john Grisham i do not count this as one of his book to film adaptation as it display none of the suspense and engaging storyline as film such as 'the firm ' or 'the rainmaker ' .
 first of all , this be a low-budget movie , so my expectation be incredibly low go into it .
 I assume most people look at the info for this movie just want a bloodfest , and essentially that be all it is.Plot ?
 there really be none .
 it be basically Saw but in China and a whole hell of a lot worse .
 cast ?
 there be none , period .
 special effect ?
 absolutely awful in my opinion.. .
 there be cutaway and the blood be often completely unbelievable because of amount , splatter , color , texture , etc.I believe the purpose of this movie be suppose to be a brutal , shock film .
 now it have some great potential on a big budget but poor script , poor dialogue , awful acting , what seem like camcorder video shot , and just plain unbelievable 'gore , ' make this movie truly awful.There be movie worth take a chance against some review , even 'b-rate ' movie deserve some opportunity ( blood trail for example be the most recent I see against review that be worth it ) , but this be simply awful .
 I hope that people consider this movie read my comment and decide against it.I be all for brutality and shock , but the overall unrealism and truly awful act make for an awful experience .
 save your time/money and chance something else , you wo n't be disappoint .
 I be not a big fan of slasher flick as a genre , but even by the standard of low-low-budget exploitation , this one be really lame .
 even on a nudity-and-gore level , it be incredibly boring ( there be some of both , but it be all sort of...meh ) .
 before the home video revolution , it might not even have be release theatrically ( though it might have ; after all , *Plan @card@ from Outer Space* play in theater ) .
 there be precisely one good ( and competently-delivered ) line in the entire movie ; I assume they steal it from somewhere.The act be among the bad I have ever see .
 I mean , even Ed Wood have a couple of competent actor , and the rest tend to be ludicrously hammy , which can be fun to watch .
 anyway , most of his actor could pretty much pass as literate .
 here , those who do n't read their line like cigar-store Indians sound like they learn them phonetically .
 and this film do have one distinction : it manage to be badly underplotted for most of the movie , then laughably overplotted for the ending.(Update : I should have single out the actress play the receptionist as an exception .
 she be by no mean wooden .
 not that she be good , but she certainly be n't wooden.)Even the bad slasher flick be generally good for a few Puritan meditation on their grotesque offensiveness , but with this one , there do n't even seem to be anything there to work up a moral outrage about.And you know the funny thing ?
 they clearly expect to make a sequel !
 it be so bad and boring that it actually become fascinating in a weird way .
 I sit enrapt through much of the video wonder why anyone would go to the bother of make it .
 TV do influence society...just look at the surge in popularity of cappucino shop after this shallow little piece of work debut .
 besides , real people who look as good as these people do do n't have any problems.Besides , do anyone really believe that these people can afford to live in a nice Manhattan loft consider what they do for a living ?
 NBC just love to insult the viewer 's intelligence , even if they be just around Gump 's level .
 I know a person who make $100,000 a year as a web designer and life in a tiny one-bedroom apartment in Manhattan that cost $2200 a month in rent.I will like to see a show call Phriends , where it be six ugly nobody in dead-end job , live in a crummy neighborhood where siren constantly wail and someone get mug every week...and then the landlord jack up the rent .
 now THAT I would watch .
 Oh Dear , Jerry may be the undisputed king of talkshow but the movie be a whole different ball game , and he be way out of his league .
 the script for this film be so poor it have to be see to be believe and its sad to see such vaguely familiar actor as Michael Dudikoff ( @card@ 's action B'movie king ) , Michael Jai White ( last see in the Sci Fi flop Spawn ' ) as well as survive the Games ' William MacNamara ( who be involve in the only half funny situation in the whole film !
 ) stoop this low for employment .
 if you be a fan of Jerry then stick to his TV show as this be a total waste of and hour and a half .
 after I have finish sit through this I manage to catch the last half an hour of Rocky @card@ on TV , which look like a cinematic masterpiece in comparison , I think that say more than enough !
 !
 !
 there be some movie you just know they be go to be bad from frame one .
 even if you be totally oblivious of Ed Wood 's work , one look at that commentator from 'Plan @card@ from outer space ' and you just KNOW you be not gonna see the next cinematic masterpiece .
 just like that , when I see the first shot of Uwe Bolls masterpiece 'House of Dead ' , with that guy sit at the front of the house start his introduction while try desperately to sound like he just arrive from Sin City , I know I be in for a helluva ride.So , the movie start like this - first the lead character say that everybody else be go to die .
 you know , to keep you wander .
 then he start introduce the rest of the character with line like 'Karma..thinks she be Foxy Brown ' or 'Alicia..my ex. .
 we break up recently. .
 I have to study and she have to fence ' .
 no , I be not kidding.Anyway , this bunch of 20-somethings who could n't act their way out of a wet paper-bag be go to the 'Rave of the century ' , rave in question be a few tent , a port-a-potty and a shoddy stage locate on small island in the middle of the Pacific .
 our gang miss the ferry , but thankfully will find a way to get there , the way be a fisher-boat run by Kirk ( Cpt Kirk ?
 get it ?
 man , whoever write this script be a genius ) and his sidekick who be a bastard child of Simpsons ' Cpt McAllister and that hook killer who know what you do last summer.To make the long story short , the gang get to the island , find nobody there except some bloody T-shirt and then decide to run the hell away from there .
 no wait , they do not , they actually get all happy and like cos there be free booze.With that scene the movie hit rock bottom and then against all odd proceed to go further downhill .
 some guy in rubber suit start run around , there be some scream and shoot , our gang go to some house to meet some other gang , they go out of the house , meet Cpt Kirk and some police woman ( who between them have about @card@ pound of weapon ) and then decide to go back to the house .
 somewhere along the line they transform into a S.W.A.T. team , enter the Matrix , the rubber-suit guy start multiply like bacterium and I start to cry because I actually pay to see this .
 to add insult to the injury , every few minute there be shot from the video game this crap be base on and there be a cute game-over cut-scene for a few character when they die.I seriously hate this movie .
 it do n't even fit in that famed 'So bad it be good ' category .
 it be just plain bad .
 the script be bad , the zombie be awful , there be no tension , line be bad , actor be bad. .
 the list just go on.You will probably want to see this movie just because of its reputation of be awful .
 do n't .
 there be bad movie that deserve to be watch .
 this be not one of them .
 I be glad to read so many negative comment about the Tritter plot .
 everyone I talk to say the same thing .
 they like House 's gruff nature and his intelligence , but really dislike the vindictiveness of this continuing plot .
 it cut into the real nature of the hospital story and make everyone angry at police authority .
 it need to have a more caring nature instead of the vindictiveness to everyone at the hospital .
 also , there seem to be many questionable legal aspect to what Tritter be actually do .
 he alone can freeze account and have the authority to stop doctor from write prescription for patient .
 a lot of the vindictiveness he be show also be hurt the very sick patient at the hospital and the be not a good storyline to portray .
 I vote the episode awful not because of the story itself , but when you insert the Trittor piece it turn me off and the rest of the plot get hurt by it , people say they hate to watch the story line anymore .
 please change it .
 get Tritter out .
 'Smokey and the Bandit ' be n't exactly Shakespeare , but then nobody want it to be .
 it be lowdown slapstick , but it do have brain .
 it have a very smart script with definable character and a fun wrap-up .
 people come out of the theater smile .
 'Hooper ' provide none of this .
 there be no reason to smile .
 if it be suppose to be a tribute to the Hollywood stuntman , it make them look awfully lazy by provide nothing but badly-choreographed fight scene and one of the most unconvincing car-jumps I have ever see .
 it all look phony , badly-filmed almost on purpose .
 Poor Sally Field ( as the girlfriend who wring her hand on the sideline ) be give her weak role , with not a single funny or smart line ( 'If you do that jump , I wo n't be here when you get back ' ) .
 Burt Reynolds keep look at the camera and wink , but the joke be on any audience who sit through 'Hooper ' .
 * from **** Throw this lame dog a bone .
 sooo bad...you may watch anyway .
 Kol(Ross Hagen)is an intergalactic bad guy that escape be vaporise by an over zealous spaceship commander(Jan-Michael Vincent ) .
 Kol manage to steal a shuttle that crash land on Earth .
 an unstoppable android killer be send to bring back the villain dead or alive .
 John Phillip Law play a forest/park ranger that urge caution in deal with these two visitor from far , far away .
 costume be outrageous and the script be lack intelligence .
 Vincent surely take the money and run .
 law show the only sign of effort.So bad it be almost comical .
 also in the cast : Dyana Ortelli , P.J. Soles and Dawn Wildsmith .
 possibly VERY minor SPOILERSThis movie be bill as the first Russian horror movie .
 unfortunately , as far as I be concern , 'The Witch ' ( its Russian title ) will take a place of dishonor in the gallery of horrible Russian movie .
 it be base on Nikolai Gogol 's story 'Viy ' which be a classic in Russia .
 'Based ' be the key word here since no familiarity with the story be require .
 instead , the less you know about Gogol , the better.It be a unique production because we be quite use to director take story from other culture and adapt them to their own culture .
 the spate of American remake of foreign film be a prime example , but then again , Sturgess turn Kurosawa 's Seven Samurai into the Magnificent seven with splendid result , and Kurosawa transfer Shakespeare 's Macbeth into Japan to make an incredibly powerful Throne in Blood , while King Lear become a riveting Ran .
 however , with 'The Witch , ' we have Russian transplant a Russian classical tale onto the American soil .
 the movie be shoot in Estonia in English with the aim of dub it into English use American actor and have reasonably synchronous lip movements.As a natural consequence , lose be the colorful Ukrainian background for the story , in come a drab American small town seemingly lift from some outdated horror book manual .
 go be the boozy seminarian Khoma Brutus , instead we have a boozy journalist who be about to win Pullitzer prize , and who at the same time write about X-Files-like event and frequent Miss Boobs contest .
 ( I never think Pullitzer prize be give for that kind of writing , now I humbly stand correct .
 ) in a strange nod to Russianness , the journalist be name Ivan Berkhoff .
 they should have name him John Smith because it be impossible to get more hackneyed , clichd and generic than this movie.Berkhoff go to a town name Castleville , get strand on a dirt road , stagger on until he find a dilapidated house and be rather un-welcomed by an old crone .
 all that to the accompaniment of a radio announcement about the force of evil be at their most powerful , and people well stay indoors and avoid water .
 need I mention that it be rain really hard ?
 after a few supposedly frightening scene which have me laugh , the story find our journalist dress as a priest , he be mistake for a priest , and the local sheriff tell him his daughter who die after be brutally attack want the new priest to pray for her for three night .
 at this point , the action supposedly start .
 those who have time to kill be welcome to it.What be wrong with this film ?
 everything , start with the dialog and down to the prop department .
 the dialog which I hear in Russian be clearly originally write in English , and it be compile exclusively from clichs and platitude pick from American film .
 the actor just as clearly struggle with English because the timing of their speech be labored and unnatural , and the Russian dubbing follow suit .
 the acting be mostly atrocious , and not only because the actor find it often difficult to talk but because they do n't have anything approach a range of facial expression .
 for the most part , they be just blank or you wish they be .
 the only exception be the sheriff play by Lembit Ulfsak , a fine Estonian actor , and Arnis Lizitis who play a wheelchair bind resident of Castleville .
 oh , and a rooster of course who be absolutely natural on camera !
 I know actor complain of be upstage by dog and cat but when Nikolaev be upstage by a rooster it be a sad testimony to the general quality of act in the film.There be n't a single scary moment in the entire film , and there be n't a single original moment in the film either .
 mind you , this comment be come from somebody who be rather inexperienced with horror .
 the film be fill with standard move use in horror movie since the genre 's inception .
 at a critical moment , the camera linger lovingly on a kerosene lamp .
 the lamp promptly go out .
 it must have see a few horror movie , too .
 an example of supreme idiocy come at another moment , a character jump out of a bathtub and run at the camera .
 he be wear something the look like loincloth !
 it do n't get any more idiotic than this !
 those in Russia who like it claim it should have be advertise as a mystical thriller .
 I be n't thrill either .
 it be run-of-the-mill from start to finish .
 I particularly enjoy the fact that the entire population of the little town behave as if they know exactly they live in a horror movie , except they be n't quite sure whether it have zombie or not .
 therefore , some of them act zombie-like just in case.The maker of the film say it be about find faith .
 such a fine collection of idiotic action , stupidly contrived moment , and , yes , clichs , do n't deserve to be about find faith .
 the movie be so thoroughly and utterly fake it deserve only to be an exhibit in a wax figure museum .
 I be very surprise to see that this movie have such a good rating , when i check it on IMDb after see it .
 this really be one of the bad movie i have ever see and i have see many bad movie .
 it look like a good movie in the beginning , but when he come into surgery i could n't believe how bad it get .
 this voice-over destroy everything !
 just imagine you be be cut open like that and then listen to what he say .
 I see the movie in German so i do n't really know what he say in English , but ironic stuff like 'Yeah right , it do n't hurt. .
 ' ?
 ...what be this ?
 tell yourself 'think about something else ' and then forget your pain by just think about your girlfriend be just...stupid .
 and his mother...how the hell do she figure something like that out ?
 someone come to tell her , her son die in surgery ( what she kind of have to expect ) .
 plus she find some letter in Jessica Albas bag .
 plus that 'she know the hospital ' stuff.. .
 and then it take her 'one second ' to figure it out ?
 what the hell ?
 ^^ and the ending...why do the police bust them ?
 the patient die in surgery , thats all that happen .
 that drunk doctor do n't know anything else either...and then they bust them all , even the girlfriend ?
 ?
 ?
 why ?
 ?
 ?
 despite all that i think Christensen do a bad job , but that do n't really count for me...those mistake and stupid thing i write about above be the problem .
 I watch this movie with some friend and we all be VERY disappointed.. .
 as i say , one of the bad movie i have ever seen.. .
 just do n't watch it ; ) Alan Rudolph be a so-so director , without that special touch .
 as an example , there be one shot in the secret life of dentist in the dental office which could have express the entire relationship between the husband and wife .
 Rudolph squander it .
 the camera be in the hallway look through the doorway of the two dental office , with Dana and Dave each alone in their respective room .
 you get the idea of their desolation and isolation , but not much more .
 the lighting , the color , the body language , the facial expression could all have be vastly improve upon .
 if I be direct , I would have spend all day , if necessary , to get that shot right .
 that be the beauty and power of film : it can express so much , whole life , in a matter of secondsThe shoot with the toddler step in the puddle of puke could have be improve on .
 the child should have show more fascination with the puddle , should have stomp and shuffle her foot , should have have her head bend down to look at the puddle with all her attention.Campbell do n't deliver .
 he play a uncommunicative man , true , but instead of convey his inner turmoil in voice , gesture , body movement , the film rely on voice-over narration and dialogue with his imaginary macho alter-ego , play by Denis Leary .
 this movie be so gay like its a mom and son cat that have sex , they also get scare of little kitty cat .
 they get set on fire by them .
 the mom cat alien thing kill a guy by stab him in the back with an ear of corn ?
 they be bullet proof .
 invisible .
 and what not .
 the star of the movie , Clovis , be the cop cat , Clovis lead the cop to find the mom alien , and after the mom kill the cop , Clovis kill the mom by eat her head then she catch on fire .
 this movie suck .
 it be way way more funny than it be scary , it be n't even scaryt at all .
 the girl hit the alien on the head with a camera , it knoks him out .
 she then go and hug her .
 the then grab her and begin to rape her .
 once again , Clovis come to the rescue I go into a Video Store and look around to find some Horror Movies , after about @card@ minute I just rush and pick out a few .
 I stumble upon 'Masters of Horror ' which contain 'Pro-Life ' and 'Right to die ' .
 they seem OK , same-old cheesy Horror crap , but I be interested for some reason .
 it say about Pro-Life on the case about be a classic , a return to form for John Carpenter ( I love his 'The Thing ' , so I think this would be good ) and all that .
 so I turn it on think it would be something great and interesting , I be very wrong.. .
 it start off casual , just a girl run through a Forest , scare of something .
 a car stop and pick her up ( just so be the people she need to see , amazing ?
 ) they take her back to some Clinic and examine her , at the sametime all this be happen her Father appear at the gate and they do n't allow him in , he be n't aloud near the area .
 most likely from something he would of do in the past , but you do n't know of any of this at the moment .
 he really do not want his Daughter in this place , an Abortion center .
 he be very strongly against such act , believe it be sickening and not what 'God ' would want .
 he 'supports ' what I hear be call 'Pro-Life ' .
 act against abortion and go to extreme to allow the baby to be bear , they be sick .
 they do n't like the life of an unborn be take , yet they have kill Humans in the past to allow the Birth ?
 Justice be only a figment of the mind .
 anyway , back on track , after the girl be examine they find out shes pregnant , but far ahead than what she should be .
 she be only a few week pregnant , but be month ahead .
 she keep tell them they wont understand her , and that she want an abortion and all , but finally tell the truth that she be rape by a Demon from hell , and that her Father want this baby ( but believe 'God ' want this baby , not who truly do ) .
 he get his @card@ Sons ( they arm themselves with Pistols and Shotguns ) , and begin to make they be way into the Clinic ( shoot down anyone who wo n't co-operate ) .
 the head of the Clinic , who must of have trouble with them in the past , be well prepare this time .
 end up kill one the Fathers Sons , but in the end get shoot a few time ( wear a bullet proof jacket ) .
 the Father then perform what he believe be do to the woman .
 he cut a hole , where the Vagina would be if he we be a Female , and stick some sort of sucking thing up there and suck out all this blood .
 whilst all this be happen , the girl give birth to some demonic baby with many leg , and some Demon raise from beneath the earth ( not in the same room ) and start look for its child .
 the Father see this later on , and start question why this happen , he do what he be tell to do , and do n't understand why it be like this .
 the Demon have kill both of his Sons early , and now go for Father.. .
 whilst the girl kill the baby , and the Demon carry it away ( not in the same scene).Yeah , it probably sound pretty cool , and a thrilling Horror Movie , but it be n't .
 the acting be horrible and lack enthusiasm , the script be boring and not even creative , they choose the wrong character and do n't even build on them ; just everything put together , all the small part , do n't even add up to something great , a waste of time .
 I would n't classify this as a Horror , though it have element of Horror , they ultimately fail at what they try to succeed .
 it feel more like a 'Beginners ' Short-Movie , than by John Carpenter.Sorry for my lack of information , and detailed review , I just do n't have the time to waste to write something exciting .
 also sorry if my spelling and detail be incorrect , I could n't really be bother to research anything .
 if you hate redneck accent , you will hate this movie .
 and to make it bad , you see Patrick Swayze , a have be try to be a redneck .
 I really ca n't stand redneck accent .
 I like Billy Bob Thornton , he be good in Slingblade , but he be annoy in this movie .
 and what kind of name be Lonnie Earl ?
 how much more hickish can this movie get ?
 the storyline be stupid .
 I be usually not this judgemental of movie , but I could n't stand this movie .
 if you want a good Billy Bob Thornton movie , go see Slingblade.My mom find this movie for $5.95 at Wal Mart...figures...I think I will wrap it up and give it to my Grandma for Christmas .
 it could just be that I ca n't stand redneck accent usually , or that I ca n't stand Patrick Swayze .
 maybe if Patrick Swayze be n't in it .
 I do n't laugh once in the movie .
 I laugh at anything stupid usually .
 if they have show someones finger get smashed , I might have laugh .
 people 's finger get smashed by accident always make me laugh .
 'Sundown:The Vampire in Retreat ' be a rubbish.The acting be terrible,the atmosphere be non-existent and the character be uninteresting.The only scary thing about this piece of scum be that majority of the IMDb user give it a 10.This be really horrifying.No gore,no suspense,no violence,nothing.Bruce Cambell('The Evil Dead','Intruder')is completely wasted,the support cast be also terrible.Yes,some people may like this picture,especially a mainstream society but hard-core horror fan or gore-hounds wo n't enjoy this piece of crap.Personally I hate horror comedies,I prefer watch serious horror movie like 'Cannibal Holocaust ' or 'Last house on the Left'.In my opinion,a real horror movie be suppose to be scary,excessively bloody and disturbing,without stupid humour,which usually ruin the whole concept.This one be n't scary,is n't gory,is n't even funny as a comedy,so do n't waste your precious time .
 Ok , where do we start with this little gem ?
 mutant slug begin to take over a small New England ( ?
 ) town .
 only one man can stop them.. .
 and that man.. .
 be Mike Brady !
 now , if that be n't laughable enough , stay tuned.The footage of the slug be what be know as stock footage .
 no matter who the slug attack or where they be , the same shot of pile of slug ooze everywhere be show .
 keep in mind , this singular shot occupy at least half the movie.The act in the movie be knock down , drag out , steal your wallet , punch your girlfriend , kill your dog , Bad .
 I be sure there be bad , but you be go to be hard press to find it .
 the only gem was.. .
 you guess it... .
 mike Brady !
 he must have take a few night class at the YMCA , because he be the good in the bunch.As for horror ?
 this film be not to be take seriously .
 there be n't horror !
 they be slug for cry out loud .
 the entire rise action could have be avoid with a salt shaker or two .
 only watch this film in a MST3K type environment , otherwise I can see some major damage to the brain .
 the story be similar to ET : an extraterrestrial run around on earth and try to come back home .
 while its stay on our planet , it will create friendly tie with humans.But , unlike ET which exude drama , comedy , poetry , this movie be only fun .
 it be indeed a pure Dysney production : its core audience be child & the movie be more more in the visual than in the message.Thus , you will find some funny scene ( the first sight of the town , a 'cosmic ' stray toaster ) and the casting be experiment , with special mention to 'Doc ' , who rejuvenate in a 'Mac Fly ' character , and to Hurley , who seem open to auto-derision.Ice on the cake : the main title be score by Danny Elfman , and like every other great composer , you recognize his 'voice ' before he be even credit .
 way back when I be rent video for free I pick this one up .
 oops the thing I want to mention outside the summary already give be these .
 1 : someone who have a lot to do with make this movie have a strange and sick fascination for food , it be gross and unecessary .
 2 : there be some kind of a soundtrack in the background of the film that seem to be there the entire time and by the way I feel for day after view this trash I figure they have something subliminal go on in the track .
 either that or it be just traumatisingly bad or both .
 many time throughout the movie you can tell the writer and director do not have much experience or talent .
 and do n't even ask about the acting .
 I be a huge Willem Dafoe fan , and really seek out this film ( I have to get a Region @card@ Chinese DVD of it !
 ) .
 but , it be truly one of the bad that I have see in quite a while.The act ( except for Dafoe ) be horrible .
 Dafoe and Colagrande Both write and direct this ( though he be n't credit as a director ) , and they have No discernible talent for write or direct .
 ( stick to act Willem ; Giada get out of the business , PLEASE !
 )Absolutely nothing happen .
 except a series of completely unconvincing , totally without believable motivation , act by these two people ( that just meet ) in this house .
 Colagrande 's sleepy , I could n't care less expression practically Never change .
 and the sex scene be downright lame .
 I actually cringe twice at one of them .
 Yuck !
 they be definitely not the least bit erotic , and yet be the only time the film be n't put you to sleep .
 then , it be busy repulse you.Just awful .
 I could n't not recommend a Christmas movie more than this worthless piece of drivel ( trust me , double negative be require here -- it be that bad ) .
 this film be in trouble from the open credit when it be reveal that the screenwriter be the same person as the songwriter .
 the musical number be all far too long and none of them any good ( 'Thank you Very Much ' have a decent melody , but the lyric be stupid beyond word ) .
 I would gladly bear the chain wear by Scrooge in the film 's bizarre hell sequence than sit through this insult to movie musical again.The only entertaining part of this movie ( completely unintentional by the way ) involve Alec Guinness as Jacob Marley .
 dress in a silly powder white costume , Guinness foppishly prance through his scene in what be either an attempt to make it appear as though he be float like a ghost , or to show his utter disdain with have to be in this dreadful movie .
 Albert Finney , meanwhile , blend the good of Alistar Sim and Charles Laughton to create his hopelessly loathsome character of Quasimodo/Scrooge .
 Finney 's Scrooge be so hideous a person , it be impossible to believe his transformation.Steer clear of this abomination of filmmak at all cost .
 'What happen when you give a homeless man $100,000 ?
 ' as if by ask that question they be somehow morally absolve of what be eventually go to happen .
 the creator of 'Reversal of Fortune ' try to get their voyeuristic giggle while disguise their antic as some kind of responsible social experiment.They take Ted , a homeless man in Pasadena , and give him $100,000 to see if he will turn his life around .
 then , with only the most cursory guidance and counseling , they let him go on his merry way.What be they try to say ?
 'Money ca n't buy you happiness ?
 ' 'The homeless be homeless because they deserve to be ?
 ' or how about , 'Lift a man up - it be more fun to watch him fall from a great altitude .
 ' they take a man with nothing to lose , give him something to lose , and then watch him dump it all down the drain .
 that be suppose to be entertainment ?
 they dress this sow up with some gloomy music and dramatic camera shot , but in the end it have all the moral high ground of car crash video - only this time they engineer the car crash and ask , 'What happen when you take down a stop sign ?
 ' Walerian Borowczyks La Bete ( @card@ ) be obviously receive in different way : some be appall , some be shocked other applaud the courage .
 I however be completely untouched , bored and can stop ask myself why the display of incoherent , inconsistent image which vaguely orbit around a central theme be consider an intellectual journey.What be this movie actually about ?
 grow sexuality in a woman ?
 I have see great film on this subject , but this be not one of them .
 how can one attempt to portray a grow sexuality in a girl without at least try to characterize her as a person not only as a narrative device to dream ( in the nude ) of beast .
 where there be no character , there be no character study .
 the woman persecute by the beast be not adolescent , the girl have sex with the black butler ( be he also characterize as a beast ?
 ) have a very grow up attitude to sexuality , so where be the consistency ?
 be it a movie about religion ?
 if yes we would need a bit more thematic material than a priest without function , character and charisma , but with a strong desire towards two young boys.Is it about bestiality ?
 the metaphoric feel of the movie forbid any realistic examination of bestiality , especially as realistic examination require realistic character .
 so no real bestiality here .
 some mythic beast and two priest talk to each other about the sin of bestiality .
 enough for a college essay on the topic ?
 I do n't think so.Is it about sex ?
 be it about anything ?
 I do n't know .
 I only know that show a fire gun do n't make a film a war movie .
 deal with a topic must mean more than display its own association with the theme.So look across the controversy .
 do n't be scare by the bestiality , nudity , ejaculation , masturbation and stuff .
 I be not .
 look at it as you look at any other story and you might discover that this be a poorly make , poorly edit , poorly act , really poorly written ( okay , some picture be quite nice , and the main character be a really good look girl ) cerebral masturbation of a director who think beat around the bush in a hypnotic slow manner will make a story intelligent .
 it do n't .
 it make it boring .
 I ca n't believe I actually sit through the whole thing .
 this movie have the bad acting since Killjoy.Here be a brief outline of the plot : the movie start out with Jojo and that other chick sit around on the beach , drool over a skinny blonde-haired beach 'hunk ' who look like he have n't be to the gym a day in his life .
 somehow , everyone know him , and every single chick in the movie want him .
 uh OH !
 here come the competition !
 the stereotypical 'hot chick ' and her good friend , who drive an ugly pink car .
 we soon find out Jojo 's mom get the job of a lifetime in Australia , which mean that Jojo would have to move and leave her good friend behind ( oh no , I think I be gonna cry ) .
 a huge storm come , and fill their swimming pool with nasty water .
 somehow , for no apparent reason , the little chick fall into the pool , and come face to face with , yup , you guess it , a mermaid !
 this be where the 'story ' really take off .
 basically , they want to get the mermaid to fall in love with the 'hunk'.This be a preteen flick with act so bad , it make the @card@ 's look like the pinnacle of Oscar-worthy performance .
 this movie have all the clichs possible.. .
 the good friend , the 'hunk ' who everyone want , the 'hot ' bad girl and her bitchy friend , the scary old man.. .
 you name it , it be in there .
 I take one for a lot of people by watch this .
 consider my hour and @card@ minute a sacrifice to you .
 please , do n't see this movie .
 do n't make it so I suffer in vain .
 as usual , I be make a mad dash to see the movie I have n't watch yet in anticipation of the Oscar .
 I be really look forward to see this movie as it seem to be right up my alley .
 I can not for the life of me understand why this movie have get the buzz it have .
 there be no story !
 !
 a group of guy meander around Iraq .
 one day they be here diffuse a bomb .
 tomorrow they be tool around the countryside , by themselves no less and start take sniper fire .
 no wait here they be back in Bagdad .
 there be no cohesive story at all .
 the three main character be so overly characterize that they be mere caricature .
 by that I mean , we have the sweet kid who be afraid of die .
 we have the hardened military man who be practical and just want to get back safe .
 and then we have the daredevil cowboy who do n't follow the rule but have a soft spot for the precocious little Iraqi boy try to sell soldier DVDs .
 what do you think be go to happen ?
 ?
 ?
 well , do you think the cowboy soldier who do n't follow rule be go to get the sweet kid injure with his renegade way ?
 ?
 why yes !
 do you think the Iraqi kid that cowboy soldier have a soft spot for be go to get kill and make him go crazy ?
 why yes !
 there be no story here .
 the script be juvenile and predictable !
 the camera be shake around a lot to make it look 'artsy ' .
 and for all of you who think this be such a great war picture , go rent 'Full Metal Jacket ' , 'Deerhunter ' or 'Platoon ' .
 do n't waste time or money on this boring movie !
 I hate how this movie have absolutely no creative input .
 I know they be go for realism , but to be frank I just do n't want realism .
 realism be boring .
 if I want to see daily life , I will uhm , live .
 tell me an interesting story and we will talk .
 I can deal with the low production value , hell I be a sucker for low production value , but at least work in some good idea .
 the direction only go as far as grab a camcorder and walk around a bit , but obviously I be suppose to dig that because it make stuff so much more realistic .
 Hitchcock use to say drama be essentially life with the dull bit cut out .
 I can only conclude this be not drama , not by a long shot .
 we get to see Rosetta walk to someplace , Rosetta work in a bakery , Rosetta eat a waffle , Rosetta carry around bag of far , Rosetta walk back home , Rosetta walking someplace...it be just not that entertain .
 there be n't really a deep meaning either .
 I get so bore I start look for some reflection on life in this movie but it be just plain realism , the most overrate quality in the business .
 I guess I be suppose to love this , but come on , there be nothing in there .
 hate it .
 if you believe that everyone in the South be dumb , morally bankrupt , stupid , violent , a religious nut , or a child molester , then this film may be for you .
 everyone be poor and seemingly ignorant .
 in one scene , two old man be talk in a general store and one mention that he have molest a set of sister before they could tie their shoe .
 the man seem proud of his action , and the other man clearly take it as a normal part of life .
 very nice .
 a teenage girl walk the back road look for her sister and no one offer to help her -- despite an obvious limp and lack of food or water ( no backpack , etc .
 ) .
 Strathairn 's character be not only thoroughly disgusting and slimy , but he be show to be a religious believer who ( typical for Hollywood ) reflect the vile nature of Christian .
 a scene in the movie be highly reminiscent of the end of Cape Fear ( the one with DeNiro ) -- Bible verse be spout by the bad guy .
 I be from the Great Northwest , but find this film offensive because of the wonderful people I know who be from NC , WV , al , MS , Ky , TN , etc .
 there be plenty of comment already post say exactly how I feel about this film so Ill keep it short.'The Grinch ' I think be marvellous - Jim Carrey be a truly talented , physical comedian as well as be a versatile clever actor ( in my opinion ) .
 Mike Myers on the other hand get his laugh by be annoy .
 I use to like him very much in his 'Waynes World ' and 'So I Married an Axe Murderer ' day - but Ive never be fond of Austin Powers and 'the Cat in the Hat ' have just finish me off.This film be horrible - the gag be horrible !
 inappropriate for child not only in adult content but in the fact that some of them be so date they havent amused anyone for @card@ year !
 the plot be messy , messy , messy !
 its a shame really because the child be very likeable as be 'Mom ' .
 they probably could have pick a good villain than Alec Baldwin - but he could have pull it off if it be n't for Myers ugly , revolting over-acted portrayal of the Cat.I mean - do Myers even glance at a script ?
 be one write ?
 the other actor seem to have one - but the Cat just seem to be wing it !
 on the other hand I would like to mention that the set and prop be marvellous !
 !
 !
 but unfortunately they cant save this film.Poor Dr Seuss - the man be a genius !
 Dont ruin his reputation by adapt his work in a such a lazy , messy way !
 !
 !
 @card@ I will be short and to the point .
 this movie be an insult to any one with a room temperature IQ .
 sorry liberal , feminist , etc .
 no woman will ever be a Seal .
 they can forget about the draft or be in combat too .
 ai n't go to happen .
 you see , hard as it be to understand or accept , man and woman be physically different.Regardless of the fact it be 2007,reality can change thing in order for people to avoid have their feeling hurt .
 man ca n't give birth or breast feed babies( Oh-I forget about San Franfreako ).Women lack the physical strength to be on par with man in a combat or other physically challenge situation .
 how many woman play in the NFL or NHL ?
 lastly , I could n't give a bloody hoot in hell if what I just write upset you.Come to think of it - if this do upset you that only warm my heart more .
 I do n't write one thing that be n't the truth .
 this imbecilic movie be nothing more than a comedy and a lousy one at that .
 'Land of Plenty ' be not a film .
 it be a tombstone for the directorial career of German Director Wim Wenders.Many feel it in 'The Million Dollar Hotel ' and now 'Land of Plenty ' make it perfectly clear ; not only have Wenders lose it , he be actually turn into a Bad director , create horribly weak and superficial story and scenes.One might argue that the 'time you lose it ' come for every director , but Wenders ' case be extreme .
 it be as if he completely forget everything he know about cinema and start all over again - only to get sloppish results.In a few word , this film do not deserve your time .
 the Slackers as title in this movie be three college friend Dave , Jeff and Sam(Devon Sawa , Michael Maronna and Jason Segel respectively ) , who be about to graduate from university without sit through an honest exam but make it end successfully .
 this continue until the very end when unlikeable but the most likable character of the movie Nathan(Schwartzman ) figure out what they be up to .
 Nathan start blackmail in order to make up with his dream girl as he cant pursue that in normal condition .
 the only problem be when the trio start to work on it , Dave fall in love with the gorgeous and good heart Angela(James King ) unfortunately , not a brilliant genre movie .
 Schwartzman make to watch the movie easy as his performance be brilliant .
 King 's performance be average , I think she be hire just to be around with her gorgeous look .
 the Slackers be reminiscent of American Pie with a different direction .
 joke be as shallow as in American Pie .
 but be n't they all use ?
 I think this movie be a warning to the filmmaker of the genre that they be run out of originality .
 overall , a few smiley moment but a horrible movie in term of acting(except for Schwartzman ) and subject .
 * out of ***** the problem with this movie be that it be shoot on the bad possible camera and the film be blurry and grainy .
 maybe it be just the fact that whoever be hold the camera could n't hold still because they be have a seizure or something .
 there be also way too much poop and vomit in this movie .
 there be someone vomit every twenty minute and it make me think that this be make by some bulimic or something .
 it be disgusting .
 then there be the annoy high pitch scream that go on and on and on and do n't stop until the credit roll .
 I also do n't like when all her friend be be shot ( or not I do n't know)and she go in the van and put band aid on .
 that be just really really stupid to even have that in a movie .
 how much gas can a person siphon to get a van go ?
 it must be a whole lot because they do n't run out of gas for the rest of the movie .
 it be a terrible movie and I would highly suggest not ever see it in your whole entire life .
 it be interesting how @card@ % of the high-vote review be all comprise of '*random username* ' from 'United state ' ( no state pride ?
 ?
 ) who all say more or less the exact same thing with the exact same grammatical style and all with the exact same complete lack of taste in movie .
 I would delve further into this suspicious trend , but alas , this be a review of the movie , and not the review themselves.Let me start by say that I be both a Christian and a true avid movie fan .
 this mean I have see a great many movie , from good to bad , and can wholeheartedly claim that Facing The Giants be , in fact , NOT a good movie .
 it have good intention , but fail to meet many ( if any ) basic standard that I associate with a quality filmgoing experience.The acting : mostly terrible , palatable at Best .
 hear that most be apparently volunteer do not at all surprise me.The Dialogue : clumsy , cheesy , the script come off as a long version of some cheesy skit you will see perform in Sunday School or youth group function .
 the Rave Review robot revel in the absence of 'meaningless word ' , but the cold hard truth be that such word be a part of the real world , and the complete absence of it be palpable .
 Let 's just say the mean ol ' head coach of a team in a State Championship game would have a lot more to say than 'OH No !
 ' when thing be not go his way.The Plot : Mind-bogglingly predictable .
 it have be comment that this movie be 'not a Hollywood clich ' , and yet it be like it be pull directly from make an Underdog Sports Movie for Dummies ( include the mandatory quasi-romantic subplot for the lady ) and just have a Christian-themed coat of paint slap on it .
 I be not lie or brag when I say I have almost every major detail in both the plot and subplot peg immediately upon their inception .
 only someone who have never see a decent sport movie in their whole life would be emotionally stir by the story present here.The Directing/Editing : it , too , be pattern almost exactly after the generic Underdog Sports Movie template .
 still , act aside , there be n't many noticeable goof , so at least face the Giants be technically competent.The Message : ask Jesus and he will grant all your wish .
 part of me hope that this movie would end in the team 's eventual defeat to really emphasize the whole 'If we lose , we praise you ' part , because in the Real World , you Will fail at one point or another and it be good to be prepare for that .
 but in the world of face the Giants , if you fail , clearly someone either screw up or be cheat .
 another interesting question be , what if the Eagles come across another team that have get religion ?
 would they be catch in an endless loop of miraculous play and last-minute save , or would the universe simply have explode ?
 the Bottom Line : for the hardcore conservative Christian parent crowd lament the evil of Hollywood , face the Giants will be another mediocre-at-best Christian film to hold up on a pedestal as the preferred model for modern film-making .
 for everyone else , the effect will range from boredom to a burning desire to be watch something else .
 and a warning : any attempt to show this to non-Christians will lead not to conversion , but to derision .
 I give this two star , one for the one scene that do not have me roll my eye , and another for basic technical proficiency on a low budget .
 I watch it with my mom and we be like...What the hell ?
 we do n't get it at all .
 I may have this wrong , but a chair have something to do with the death of this woman 's father .
 that movie be terrible !
 this be not a movie for those who love a good suspense movie .
 bad suspense movie !
 *shakes cane at movie* I be never see it again .
 and I be a big fan of lifetime movie , too !
 they kinda need to quit try to make movie outta book .
 it be drive me crazy !
 !
 !
 and Whit be butt-ugly and yet , she love him more than Hugh , who be a Tiny bit nicer-looking.My rating : @card@ the opening shot be the good thing about this movie , because it give you hope that you would be see a passionate , well-craft independent film .
 damn that opening shot for fill me hope .
 as the 'film ' progress in a slow , plod manner , my thought be vary in relation to this 'film ' : be there too much butter in my popcorn ?
 do the actor have to pay the director to be in this 'film ' ?
 do I get my ticket validate at the Box Office ?
 yes , dear reader .
 I see this film in the Theatre !
 this would be the only exception I will make about see a film at home over a Movie Theatre , because at home you can turn it OFF .
 be there any redeeming value ?
 Peter Lemongelli as the standard college 'nerd ' have his moment , especially in a dog collar .
 other than that this 'film ' go from try to be a comedy , to a family drama to a spiritual uplifter .
 it succeed on none of these front .
 oh , and the girlfriend be realllllllllly bad .
 her performance be the only comedy I find .
 I love the first Little Mermaid .
 I know the song , I love the character and I love the story .
 I ca n't say anything like that about the Little Mermaid II : return to the Sea .
 it be terrible .
 Let 's start with the story .
 the plot be a reversed copy of the first movie .
 same situation , except in reverse !
 Ariel want to live on land , her daughter Melody ( creative name ) want to live in the sea .
 Ariel be trick by Ursula , Melody be trick by Ursula 's sister , Morgana .
 Ursula have a sister ?
 ?
 not sure where that come from .
 besides be a strange copy of the first movie , this movie plot seem tire and be uninterest compare to the first movie .
 now the character : @ord@ Ariel- what happen to her ?
 ?
 !
 !
 no long the spunky , headstrong teenager we all know and love from the first movie , she have now 'grown up ' and her personality go down the drain .
 her singing voice be n't as strong either , due to either Jodi Benson be a lot old , or the song be so terrible that her talent be waste .
 @ord@ Prince Eric- while he do n't have a lot of personality in the first movie , like all Disney prince , somehow his new voice and his very few line make him even more robotic .
 to top it off , he just ca n't seem to defend himself , and Ariel become the tough one of the two .
 @ord@ Sebastian- Say goodbye to the lovable crustacean from the first movie , because a whiny , aggravating little crab just take his place .
 he also have no good song in this movie .
 you can almost forget the glory he earn from sing the incredible 'Under the Sea ' and 'Kiss the Girl ' from the first movie , and it be very sad .
 @ord@ Flounder- they destroy him !
 !
 he be not cute anymore , his voice be terrible , and he have kid now ?
 ?
 who be the mother ?
 ?
 ?
 @ord@ Morgana- she appear to be Ursula 's sister out for revenge against her mother , who always pick Ursula over her .
 so she plan to get King Triton 's trident to become the new ruler of the sea .
 sound familiar ?
 anyway , she be a very clich villain and fall short of Ursula 's greatness as a villain .
 she epically fail at witchcraft , she be not very tough , and not threaten at all .
 6.Melody- Ariel and Eric 's daughter .
 ironic name because she , unlike Ariel , ca n't sing .
 her voice be annoy , her friend ( a walrus and a penguin ?
 ?
 really ?
 !
 ) be not funny or likable , and she be exactly the same as Ariel , in reverse and not as likable .
 skip this one .
 do n't watch any Disney sequel except for Lion King @ord@ this movie butcher the classic that live in all our pleasant memory .
 I will look back at this movie and just laugh .
 after the reasonably successful MASTI which be tad good Inder Kumar return again with a comedy PYAARE Mohan base on the Hollywood film See No EVIL , HEAR No EVILThe film remind you of Hum Hai KAMAAL KE(1994 ) where Kader and Anupam play the blind and deafThis movie be a tedious exerciseThe film have joke of such nonsense that you do n't feel like laugh like Snehal Dabi 's head get stuck in the back of the horse and all those type comedy which we do n't laugh at now but mockThe film start off in a clichd manner and some scene be funny sadly such moment do n't last long as the story never move in this half even the comedy get bore the twist be well handle and the second half become an action film where the blind guy and the deaf go to rescue the heroine and we have all Ott chase scene and fight scenesDirection by Inder Kumar be bad music be okay , one song stand out I Love you My ANGELVivek be awful in the comic scene , his timing be very bad and be okay in serious scene for some reason he keep do comedy and ruin his career Fardeen Khan be tad good but too wooden Amongst the rest Esha and Amrita be the heroine Boman Irani annoy here Snehal Dabbi be okay so the other night I decide to watch Tales from the Hollywood Hills : Natica Jackson .
 or Power , Passion , Murder as it be call in Holland .
 when I buy the film I notice that Michelle Pfeiffer be star in it and I think that have to say something about the quality .
 unfortunately , it didn't.1 ) the plot of the film be really confusing .
 there be two story line run simultaneously during the film .
 only they have nothing in common .
 throughout the entire movie I be wait for the moment these two story line would come together so the plot would be clear to me .
 but it still hasn't.2 ) the title of the film say the film will be about Natica Jackson .
 well it be , sometimes .
 like say the film cover two different story and the part about Natica Jackson be the short .
 so another title for this movie would not be a wrong choice.To conclude my story , I really recommend that you leave this movie where it belong , on the shelf in the store on a place nobody can see it .
 by do this you wo n't waste @card@ minute of your life , as I do .
 how do a Scotsman in a kilt make love in the bonny purple heather ?
 Very,very carefully.Now I have the distinct advantage over many other of the reviewer in that I be bear in Scotland.Far too many Americans take this simplistic nonsense seriously.It be a joke,people,'four leg good - two leg bad',as Orwell have it .
 Jessica Lange have an accent that the Wells - next - the - sea Amateur Dramatic Society 's production of 'Brigadoon ' would turn down .
 Liam Neeson - apparently popular with the lady - wear his kilt with all the authority of a man whose Great Grandmama once step off the train at Edinburgh Waverley .
 and the Auld Enemy ?
 where would the Scot be without them to hate and blame for everything ?
 Messrs Roth,Cox and Hurt should be ashamed for indulge in such racist stereotype .
 'Robin Hood - Prince of thief ' seem a masterpiece of historical accuracy in comparison.And at least Alan Rickman be funny .
 overlong drama that be n't capable of make any real point .
 so she become an actress - so what ?
 she learn to love - big deal .
 there be a certain eccentricity among the character and in the dialog and situation , but the kind which be bad for the movie , cause it to often seem absurd.Summer Phoenix , play the lead , talk and behave like a semi-retarded person , so there be no choice but to watch the movie as about a retarded girl that make it in the world of theater - which be clearly not the intended point .
 we be tell early on ( in that 'Barry Lyndon'-like narration ) that she learn to hide her emotion , which certainly explain her autistic stone-face , but the movie suffer for it .
 she basically walk around like a zombie , and her success as an actress be n't quite credible give her lack of emotion .
 occasionally , the movie have that dull , sleepy feel of a Dogma @card@ movie .
 be it one ?
 I would n't be at all surprised.Summer Phoenix be sister of Joaquim Phoenix and the late River Phoenix .
 nepotism rarely works.If you will like to see my Hollywood Nepotism List , with over @card@ pictures/entries , contact me by e-mail .
 if you want to watch a good film about how woman can fight back against sexual assault , then this film be not the film that you want to watch .
 it be a social commentary about a woman who be victimize and fight back .
 spoiler : Rosario Dawson turn the table on her assailant .
 instead of use the criminal justice system , the victim resort to use vigilantism .
 she in essence nullify the judicial system .
 the film 'The Accused ' be a much good film because the victim use the judicial system and win .
 what the 'Descent ' doe be tell victim of assault that they should resort to violence ?
 be victim any well that the accuser ?
 no !
 !
 !
 it be a pity that you can vote zero star on IMDb , because I would not have hesitate !
 in fact I would go so far as to say that this film be in the negative stars.I , like many other , buy this film think that because it have Michael Madsen in it , it could be good.. .
 no chance !
 this film be shocking !
 imagine a movie length 'The Bold and the Beautiful ' , well , Primal Instinct do not even come close to that good , and I have previously think that there would be nothing bad than a movie length 'The Bold and the Beautiful'.Michael Madsen , how could you do this to us ?
 the bad part be , I do n't fast forward a bit , I be hope that at the end they would reveal that it be all some sort of sick joke , that they think it would be funny to make us watch such a horribly bad film.Where do I start.. .
 ?
 directing - Zero Stars , Screenplay - Zero Stars , Acting - Zero Stars , Cinematography - Zero Stars , Digital Effects - Zero Stars , Production Design - Zero Stars , Make-up - Zero Stars , Casting - Zero Stars , Editing - Zero Stars , Trailer - half a Star , Graphic Design - half a Star , DVD Menu - half a Star.However I think that it be very important to have see bad film just so that you know what a really bad film be , so for that reason I be happy that I see this film , just so that I have a bad film to put at the bottom of my list .
 while other may contend that by view other work by Bilal , one will well appreciate this movie , it do fail in one major way .
 it do not stand on its own .
 the plot be a mishmash that be confuse symbolism with substance .
 here be an idea start with a definite story .
 then craft symbolism around it .
 we start with two different narrative , this female that be somehow turn human , a 'god ' that be for some reason be judge , but get one last fling on Earth , and this mysterious John character who seem to be develop some sort of 'resort ' just beyond the bound of the city .
 why ?
 none of these question be answer .
 but do we care , no .
 there be no development to want us to empathize with any character in the story , the close we get Jill and even then the development be spotty at good .
 unfortunately the movie get catch up in the the whole visually impressive ( which it be , ) but at the expense of motivic development .
 I would love to see this rewrite by someone who could distance themselves from the material a bit and not have to feel that every image have to be in the picture .
 I myself be a big fan of low-budget @card@ 's horror film .
 this be n't the bad but still not to spectacular .
 the plot line be decent but drag out way too long .
 you be through half the movie before you even get to see any zombie action .
 the kill be n't very creative and the zombie be n't too crafty .
 I truly think this movie would have be good if they leave out the zombie and just make it into some mafia flick .
 it be watchable but I feel that this film do steal at least an hour of my life .
 I will give the film credit for be somewhat original .
 if you be really into B horror movie it be worth a viewing but if you be not , do n't bother .
 but you do n't have to take my word for it .
 this film be really bad .
 it maybe harsh , but it be .
 it really be .
 poor script , every vampire clich in the book be use , and no sympathy be give at all to the origin of the main character ... i.e. ole Dracula .
 there have be some truly brilliant Dracula/vampire movie in the past , but this do n't even make it into the 'dire ' slot.Take a selection of people who seem to have drop out of a teen-slasher move , add a dribble of Dracula Lore and mix in a heady tonic of religious/surreal day-dream ... and you get a confusing mess of a film - Dracula 2000.I really can find any good thing to say about this movie , as if it be n't bad enough that it be make in the first place , they seem to have make Johnny Lee Miller effect an English accent ... Whats the problem with that I hear you cry ... well , he be English , but he sound like an American try to do an English accent.All in all you may as well say your money ( if you be think of buy it ) , or rent it out , watch it , and discover for yourself why it be about as scary as the Tellytubbies.P.S .
 although La La be pretty frightening !
 I will like to think myself as a fairly open minded guy and it take a lot( !
 ) for me to dislike a movie but this one be without a doubt one of the suckiest , crappiest movie I have ever see !
 I have no idea what be wrong with the people who give it such a good rating here ( imdb be usually pretty reliable when it come to ratings).. .
 the only thing I can imagine be that people must have vote during one or more conditions:1 .
 while be shitfaced / stone out of their mind @ord@ they have receive hard cash for the vote @ord@ under gunpointI ca n't believe I waste a good @card@ h @card@ min of my life for this pathetic excuse for a movie .
 I have a @card@ minute rule ( sometimes I will leave leway for @card@ ) .
 if a movie be not good in the first @card@ or @card@ minute it be probably not go to ever get well .
 I have yet to experience any movie that have prove to contest this theory .
 Dan in Real Life be definitely no exception .
 I be watch this turkey and think ; wow , this be not funny , not touch , not sad , and I do n't like any of the character at all.The story of an advice columnist/widower raise three young daughter , who fall in love with his brother girlfriend .
 I suppose the tagline would be 'advice columnist who could USE advice ' ?
 I do n't know .
 Dans character in no way strike me as someone qualify to give advice .
 I guess THAT'S the irony ?
 I do n't know .
 he go to see his parent , brother , sister and their kid at some sort of anual family retreat , which seem very sweet , and potential fodder for good comedy , story lines...none which ever emerge .
 the central story be basically how he love this woman , but ca n't have her .
 anyone with a pulse will realise that eventually he Will get her , but you have to suffer through painfully unfunny , trite , lifetime movie network dialogue 'murderer of love ' to get to the inevitable happy ending.This be truly one of the bad movie I have ever see .
 bad movie , ( with the good review give it ) I have ever see .
 over the top dialog , act , and direction .
 more slasher flick than thriller.With all the great review this movie get I be appall that it turn out so silly .
 shame on you martin scorsese this movie be the second bad film that I have ever see ( the first be Ghost Rider ) .
 there be absolutely no plot , climax , conflict , or any other major detail require in portray a story .
 this 'film ' be basically just another excuse for Toby Keith to show off his manly side and , the 'tough guy he really be ' .
 I completely waste my time watch this film .
 the good part would have to be the end credit .
 if I be Ebert or Roper , I would have cut my thumb off and throw them at the producer .
 whoever in their right mind give Toby Keith the chance to act in a feature film , be obviously on the same mental level as him .
 in conclusion , do not waste your time watch this movie , it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret .
 the only redeeming part of this movie be the price I pay .
 at least all I lose be $3.00 and the time elapse sit through this bomb .
 the crew member who be in charge of continuity miss the boat .
 when the female lead and the FBI guy go to the alleged killer location , Mr .
 FBI hand the female a revolver .
 when the alleged killer come out the door , the revolver have magically transform into an automatic .
 one be leave to ponder would an FBP agent hand a weapon to a civilian ?
 I think not .
 Ms .
 Xavier appear to be a very attractive female .
 it be too bad the R rating do not allow much of her to be see .
 it would seem that a film editor cut what might have be the good part of the film out .
 I see this movie with my rock climb instructor , and we find the entire thing so ridiculous as to be beyond pity .
 ( for one , if Stallone be out free-climbing by himself , there be no need to carry any gear , but I guess those dangling carabiners look sorta 'mountain climby , ' so let be throw them in ) .
 for those lobotomized folk who think that Colorado look anything like the Dolomites in Italy ( where the movie be film ) , well the Hollywood mogul have get a lot more ridiculous & foul-smell stuff for you to swallow .
 somebody owe Ang Lee an apology .
 actually , a lot of people do .
 and I will start .
 I be never interested in the Ang Lee film Hulk , because of the near unanimous bad review .
 even the premium cable channel seem to rarely show it .
 I finally decide to watch it yesterday on USA network and , wow....SPOILERS for Ang LEE'S Hulk and the INCREDIBLE HULKWas it bore !
 I almost do n't make it through Ang Lee 's Hulk .
 Eric Bana be expressionless , Nick Nolte be horrible , Sam Elliott be unlikeable ( and that be no fun , he be usually a cool character ) .
 in fact , I honestly think they choose Eric Bana because his non-descript face be the easy to mimic with computer graphics - and it be clear that the Ang Lee Hulk be mean to facially resemble Bruce Banner in his non-angry state .
 when Hulk fight a mutant poodle I be ready to concede Hulk as the bad superhero movie ever.But then something happen .
 about @card@ of the way through this tedious movie , there be a genuinely exciting and - dare I say it - reasonably convincing - extended action scene that start with Hulk break out of a containment chamber in a military base , fight M1 tank and Comanche helicopter in the desert , then ride an F22 Raptor into the stratosphere , only to be capture on the street of San Francisco .
 this be one of the good action sequence ever make for a superhero movie .
 and I have to say , the CGI be quite good .
 that be not to say that the Hulk be totally convincing .
 but it do n't require much more suspension of disbelief than be require in a lot of non-superhero action movie .
 and that be quite a feat.Of course , the ending get really stupid with Bruce Banner 's father turn into some sort of shape-shifting villain but the earlier long action sequence put any of Iron Man 's brief heroics to shame .
 and overall , apart from the animated mutant dog , it really do seem like the CGI in Hulk try hard to convince you that he be real and really interact with his environment .
 it be certainly good than I expected.OK , but what about the incredible Hulk ?
 guess what.. .
 it be bore too !
 it have just a few appearance by the Hulk and here be the thing - the CGI in this movie be horrible .
 maybe the Hulk in Ang Lee 's version look fake at time and cartoonish at other - but it have its convincing moment also .
 the incredible Hulk look positively ridiculous .
 it have skin tone and muscle tone that do n't even look like a live creature , just some sort of computer-generated texture .
 it be really preposterous .
 the lighting , environment and facial effect do n't look @card@ year new than Ang Lee 's , they look @card@ year old .
 and there really be no excuse for that .
 we truly be live in an era where computer programmer can ruin a movie just as thoroughly as any director , actor or cinematographer ever could.Worse , the writer and director of this movie seem to learn almost nothing from Ang Lee 's 'failure ' .
 all the same mistake be make .
 Bruce Banner be practically emotionless .
 the general be so relentlessly , implausibly one-dimensional that he seem fake than the Hulk .
 the love interest be unconvincing ( I have to give Liv Tyler credit for be more emotional than Jennifer Connelly , though both be quite easy on the eye ) .
 Tim Blake Nelson overact almost as much as Nick Nolte , even though he be only in the movie for a few minute .
 the Hulk really do n't do much in this movie , certainly not any more than in Ang Lee 's version .
 the incredible Hulk be slightly more fast-paced , but since nothing really happen anyway that be not worth much .
 oh yeah , the villain be every bit as phony look as the Hulk .
 he be actually much more interesting as a human than as a monster.This be how I can definitively say Ang Lee 's version be good : if I ever have the chance to see Ang Lee 's version again , I might be able to sit through it to see the good action sequence , or else to try to appreciate the dialogue a little more ( more likely I will just fast forward to the good part ) .
 but there be absolutely not a single scene in the incredible Hulk that be worth see once , let alone twice .
 it be truly at the bottom of the heap of superhero movie .
 the cartoonish CGI be an insult to the audience - at least in Ang Lee 's version it seem like they be try to make it realistic ( except for the giant poodle , of course).It be absolutely mind-boggling how the filmmaker intend to erase the bad feeling associate with Ang Lee 's Hulk by make almost exactly the same movie.It be to Edward Norton 's credit that he seem to be distance himself from this film .
 if you can imagine Mickey Mouse as a New York street pimp , or John Wayne as a communist spy , then you might believe Pat Boone as a juvenile delinquent on his uncle 's farm in Kentucky and you could conceivably enjoy this movie.This film be so stupid that it be n't even campy for a mid 1950s sexless love story .
 and the problem be that Hollywood make such a big deal about Pat Boone 's refusal to kiss a woman not his wife on screen before its release that the audience know he wo n't kiss Shirley Jones so you can build any anticipation for the 'screen consummation ' of their love .
 it be sort of like watch a western in which the cowboy do n't have guns.The story be pointless .
 even the title song be sing with pained enthusiasm.April love belong in the bad film bargain bin along with Ishtar and Plan @card@ from Outer Space .
 I just come from see this movie and decide to see what other think of it .
 I be left wonder if these people who give glowing review see the same film !
 this be potentially a very good story , but it fail to hit the mark .
 the script be very weak - the plot have so many hole that it would make a great dip net for the fishing scene .
 the character be not well develop and the storyline jump around so much that I find myself ask the question 'How do we get here ?
 ' at least a half dozen time during the movie.There be a lack of any chemistry between the cast member .
 this be probably relate to Lindsay Lohan 's antic during the film .
 it be pretty clear that everyone show up and do their job , but do n't commit to their roles.This be not a movie worth seeing...go for a walk , play a board game , take a nice warm bath and save your money for something that be worth it !
 the director , outfit in chain and leather , warn the audience at the SF Frameline Film Festival Friday night that we be about to see an 'experiental ' film .
 experimental ?
 leave the video camera on the back seat of the car , let the tape roll and edit in all the pointless dreck within eyesight .
 a meander pastiche road show manqu that start nowhere and take the audience no place .
 the gratuitous violence that open the movie drive more than one patron from the Castro theater .
 I would have leave , too , but my cine-buddy need a ride home and have this thing about see even the bad merde through to the end .
 by the time the light come up the audience have thin considerably .
 tepid applause .
 pro forma question of the director who seem please with the product .
 avoid this film !
 original Claymation Rudolph : pretty good .
 original Frosty cartoon : need a little work , but could be bad .
 but Frosty and Rudolph together on the fourth of July ?
 C'mon !
 give me a break !
 !
 !
 this be one movie that should n't have be make .
 it be bad .
 it do n't really go for any holiday in particular , except July @ord@ that make it especially bad since Frosty and Rudolph be usually associate with the Christmas season .
 and any movie can be ruin by too much singing .
 the frequent song make this movie seem a lot longer than it really be .
 the movie try mix two familiar Chirstmastime character with an American traditional holiday ( which almost seem to 'limit ' it to America ) , too many pointless song , and a lousy plotline .
 the result ?
 a bad movie that ca n't really be watch at any time of year .
 I would suggest you forgo this movie even if you like Frosty and Rudolph .
 you will notice that the chemist , who appear in two scene and get to speak , be play by Stephen King .
 'Do n't give up your day job ' be the standard thing to say , but that be not fair .
 King acquit himself reasonably well : he be no bad than any other member of the cast , and good than most .
 the story , on the other hand , be pure rubbish .
 please , give up your day job.Never have I see so many dreadful performance - of which the lead actor 's ( the LEAD ACTOR'S !
 ) be probably the bad - gather together in the one film .
 everyone act hammily , but not in any entertaining way ; they all somehow manage to go over-the-top without expend , or manifest , energy .
 I blame screenwriter/director Tom Holland .
 it ca n't be that ALL the actor be really this bad .
 what be the odd against that ?
 admittedly , I have never hear of any of them before , but still , I do n't think I could walk into a talent agency and walk out with this many bad performer if I try : one actor , despite my good effort , would turn out to have talent .
 so what be more likely - that Tom Holland roll a dozen consecutive snake-eyes , or that he write a lousy script and then direct it poorly ?
 that would also explain why actor be bad in direct proportion to their prominence in the script .
 the more direction an actor get , the bad he perform .
 ( 'You want me to bend over like a hunchback , talk from the back of my throat , show all my tooth , and look bore , all at the same time ?
 Okay...')This theory be confirm by the fact that Holland undeniably manage to co-write a lousy script .
 several writer here have comment on the fact that Billy Halleck be not a likeable character , but that be a mislead way of put it .
 he be not a knowable character .
 all we find out about him before the supernatural stuff start happen be that he be fat , and that all he can think about be food .
 ( 'All I can think about be food , ' he tell us , helpfully .
 ) and in the end...(Sigh ) I suppose I ought insert a spoiler warning here...In the end he become evil .
 why ?
 I can only shrug .
 perhaps he be under some kind of enchantment .
 yeah , that be probably it .
 by 'evil ' perhaps I mean 'inexplicable ' - it be not so much badness as a socially undesirable suspension of ordinary means-end psychology .
 anyway , his action at the end make no sense , nobody 's action make much sense , and this be despite the fact that the character do little but explain their motivation for the benefit of the audience.By the way , here be my nominee for hammy line/delivery : 'I do n't think you will like it .
 in FACT.. .
 ' [ big dramatic pause ] '...I do n't think you will like it at all .
 ' save the $8.97 you will spend at Walmart to buy this DVD and go see the real film by Steven Spielberg.I be a filmmaker , and be an avid fan of H.G. Wells , I have to buy this hope to sit down and watch three hour of good entertainment .
 instead , it take four day to finish watch this because I could n't stand watch more than @card@ minute at a time .
 it be horrible.There be report that Timothy Hines have a $20 Million budget for this production .
 where the heck do it go ?
 do he use most of it to buy a new house ?
 finance his retirement ?
 or what ?
 let me start with what be actually good about this film .
 it do stay true to the book and there be a few good performance in it .
 I can respect the actor who obviously try to make this a good film .
 but good performance be quickly overshadow by horrible.. .
 and I do mean horrible special effect .
 any freshman film school student could have do a much good job with the CGI .
 to me , most of it look like 'stop action ' card board cutout that be use rather than sophisticated CGI software that a $20 Million project should be using.There be no excuse for the amateur post production that be apply to this film .
 my own partner and I sit down and recreate our version of the Ferry scene use software that cost less than $1500.00 and within a day have five minute of scene that look good and more realistic than what Hines create .
 I have see film with budget of less than $2 Million look well .
 much better.In my opinion the special effect use in the original King Kong be more sophisticated and good than Hines ' special effect in this film .
 in fact , I have a much good appreciation for Attack of the Killer Tomatoes because of this film .
 there be no excuse with today 's technology for a film to look like a @card@ 's B-Movie unless that be the intention , which should n't have be with this particular project.A problem I have with the DVD transfer be that the film be jerky , another demonstration of amateur film-making.Overall , I have to say that I produce a $45,000 project in @card@ that have good cinematography and special effect than this film.I strongly encourage anyone who appreciate good film-making or who be a fan of WOTW to leave this film on the shelf and watch Attack of the @card@ Foot Woman instead .
 it would be easy on the eye .
 I be into bad movie but this have nothing go for it .
 despite what the moron above have say , it be NOT funny .
 I know comedy and underground movie but this be so boring that the director / Writer should be prohibit from EVER directing anything but local cable access EVER again !
 to love movie and comedy be to despise this film .
 I may never get over how unfunny and bore this work be .
 if you like this movie you be a pothead as sober there be nothing here .
 zero !
 if you need to compare underground movie , see 'Kentucky Fried Movie ' or early John Waters .
 the movie start by define satire and I defy anyone to show me the satire .
 the rule for comedy be This ... if it be funny you can say or do ANYTHING but if it be NOT funny you be not satirical , you be not edgy , you be merely pathetic and this movie be simply not funny .
 zero !
 what be this crap ?
 my little cousin pick this out obviously for the overly girlie DVD art and title.. .
 I decide to watch it with her so she do n't get bore , and I sure be appall at the horrible quality.First , the act be terrible .
 they seem like amateur actress read off of cue card .
 the delivery be sub-par and very formulaic .
 scene cut be terrible. .
 it look like they take it straight from the story board , if there be one.Secondly , the joke and stereotype be n't original or well play at all- again , very formulaic .
 I ca n't count the time I be able to predict the next joke .
 I get a few chuckle out of the blatantly 'subtle ' sexual innuendo .
 the Cat , the Beaver Patch , Hung Wong ?
 .
 .
 c'mon !
 Just. .
 stay away from this movie .
 it be not cute , it be not funny , it be not even stupid-funny .
 it be just stupid-stupid .
 it be like a PG kid ' movie with unnecessary sexual innuendo , vulgarity , and violence to bump the MPAA rating .
 stay AWAY.'Would you like to ride my yacht ?
 ''Is that what they be call it now ?
 ''You could ride my ding.''Oh !
 I think I get blood on my stool !
 'Badly play , sir .
 it be rare that I come across a film this awful , this annoy and this irritate .
 it be without doubt one of the bad film I have ever seen.The plot , when it be not a blur of confusing and pointlessly over flashy edit , be ludicrous .
 why do Domino become such a bad-ass tough bitch ?
 because her gold fish die when she be a kid and this 'traumatic ' event leave her emotionally stunt , and hate everyone .
 when the dialogue be not clichd or banal , it be litter with laughable line such as : 'There be three kind of people in this world : the rich.. .
 the poor.. .
 and everyone else ' .
 at one point the bounty hunter have some guy tie up in the back of their bus who have a combination number tattoo on his arm .
 because of a confusing mobile phone call , instead of roll his sleeve up and just read the number , they blow off his arm with a shotgun .
 at another point , the bounty hunter take a bomb to a meeting arrange with the mafia and threaten to set the bomb off unless the mafia let them go !
 ?
 clearly not go to the meeting would have be just too easy.Keira Knightley be unconvincing and dreadfully miscast .
 Mickey Rourke do manage to salvage some credibility from this mess.I have enjoy some of Tony Scott 's previous film , true Romance be one , but all I could think while suffer this drivel be that it must have be make by a complete idiot .
 well this be the first post be ever comment on IMDb .
 , do you get it , this movie have make me come and warn all the good soul who will stop ever experiment with movies.As most of them have give their comment I think of watch this movie because it seem to have some decent actors(though have read bad critic against this movie ) I think of experiment it assume it to be some comedy flick .
 , well it all start well with some ahem .
 , comedies... .
 then it all start go pathetic.. .
 man you can believe your self , you wud feel like go and bang your head each and every time the pathetic look woman call the heroine of the movie be make helpless...Huh~~ well how much can a person digest a sick all possessive witch kinda ghost try to do all she can to irritate you and stop you from what you be doing.The next bad thing about the movie be , the 'ZOMBIE ' Hero , yes as he loose his fianc he roam around like a Goat , with black mark under his eye .
 , and with the hero be 'terribly stupid ' sister. .
 you wud be bleed from head to toe if you attempt and succeed by completely watch this movie~ !
 the photography on the DVD be so dark I think the screen have die .
 I think I miss see half of the movie .
 still , it be poorly craft and not interesting .
 I do not find the story relate to the title 'The Black Widow ' .
 I be hope for a mystery or a thriller but do not get involve enough to care after the first few frame .
 I rent the movie especially for Willem Dafoe and be sad it waste his talent .
 I do not believe Giada Colagrande have study movie make long enough to develop a major motion picture .
 she be attractive and might develop into an actor but she take on too many task in this movie .
 although they be marry in real life , they lack chemistry on the screen .
 their relationship do not seem believable .
 I do not understand why the other character be even introduce into the plot .
 it be only Robert De Niro film which I really hate .
 it be stupid film with horrible acting ( of course not De Niro ) .
 for me , Brian De Palma must do his mafia film as always like Scarface ( @card@ ) or the Untouchables ( @card@ ) .
 I also love De Palma 's Mission : impossible ( @card@ ) .
 De Niro work with Palma two different time too , greeting and the Wedding Party .
 I though that the Wedding Party be OK too ( I do n't watch Greetings).Screenplay be really bad and unfunny .
 there be no any scene where I can smile for even one time .
 film lose a chance to be a funny style even a little bit in a 'Be Black baby ' scene and also I do n't like the scene where a guy 's sexual organ appear .
 so , it be one of the bad film I have ever see !
 just bad .
 I hate that .
 @card@ waste minute of my life .
 I fall asleep the first time I attempt watch it , and I must say I be not one to ever fall asleep in the cinema.I have never see such a pointless plot act in such a stilt and force manner , and can only surmise that the actor be as hard-up as the protagonist writer allegedly be in the film itself.Everything in this dire adaptation be overact .
 and if it be n't the wooden acting , almost as though you can see the teleprompter , then the set itself , which be overlit and interfere in utterly unnecessary way , and overdress to an unimaginable extent , be enough to put you off the entire farce.As to the suppose shock of a detective under disguise , any person who do not see that - as well as the entire rest of this ludicrous plot - telegraph light year in advance , should check their eyesight immediately.Bad act , and from two very decent actor , couple with the hyper-coddled Branagh trademark overdirection , be enough to make you want to use real bullet rather than blank yourself.On top of it all , there be a completely risible undertone of homoerotica in this , heighten towards the end of it .
 all I can hope for be that this be such a flop that people sha n't try to emulate this level of cinema ever again .
 after watch some of HBO 's great stuff - Band of Brothers , Rome , etc .
 - I must say I have pretty high expectation before watch the first episode of 'True Blood ' .
 Jeez .
 often the script seem to be write by an 8-year-old , some part be just horribly film , ( the scene in which she 'saves ' bill , I mean come on .
 she throw a chain at the guy and ow !
 it go around his neck and it magically choke him !
 that be pretty embarrassing if you want my opinion .
 or a few moment before that scene , when she find out that the couple be go with Bill , ridiculous .
 she hear them plan their stuff , and like @card@ second later , magic !
 the @card@ of them be go , and without any struggle or noise or anything !
 I mean the idea of the show seem interesting , mysterious , intriguing , vampire co-existing with human in our modern society.. .
 but honestly I do n't think they really want to make more of this than a petty soap show , that the average teen girl watch all the time but that nobody else care about.. .
 unfortunately , the script be write poorly , mediocre at good .
 it be shallow and extremely predictable .
 often I think that this be some kind of a joke or something.The actor deliver really unconvincing performance , if you want my opinion .
 they seem to take the show very lightly , as if it be some kind of a regular , low budget family TV show ( well maybe thats what it be , if you take away the family part ) .
 the only actor that seem somewhat good to me be Stephen Moyer in the role of Bill , consider the poorly write , extremely short reply he have to say 'What be you.. .
 ' 'Can I give you a call sometime.. .
 ' , I think he do good in bring out the somewhat mysteriously scary part of a vampire that anyone with a vampire role must have , actually .
 Anna Paquin be okay as well , but not more .
 but the guy , play her brother though , Jeez , he be horrible .
 the scene in which he get arrest be just simply a shame to modern television .
 the acting be bad , the construction site look fake to the bone , and the two other guy 'Why be he get arrest ?
 Uh. .
 I dunno.. .
 ' that be pretty embarrassing.Another thing that I think be completely miss be the way they present Sookie 's psychic power .
 they make us hear what people think and speak both at the same time and thats just wrong .
 often it just seem unnecessarily chaotic , as if people 's thought be some sort of an annoy radio channel , and that when she come close to em she hit the right frequency level and have to hear everything that they think.And finally , the sex scene be just plainly unnecessary and that vampire sex tape thing be just totally disgusting.Do n't get me wrong - I write all these comment not because I think the show be Bad , but because I be very disappoint .
 I expect quality stuff .
 I do n't think it be go to be like that .
 it be definitely not a Good show though .
 mediocre at good .
 I will start by apologize to filmmaker everywhere for use the term 'filmmaker ' , 'film ' , or 'movie ' in connection with this , but 'criminal ' and 'crime against humanity ' seem a bit harsh.The writing : pathetic.The directing : pathetic.The acting : pathetic.The cinematography : too inept for words.The technical skill use to assemble this atrocity : none WHATSOEVER.This lump of waste could hardly be call cinema .
 the majority of family home movie come closer to earn that distinction than Revenge Quest .
 no , this be just a @card@ car pile-up catch on video.We will skip the plot in this review , because there be far too many hole to be cover at once .
 Let 's just say that it stink bad than the rest of this movie .
 to call the act one-dimensional would be give them credit .
 what little there be , be atrocious to begin with , and make much bad by the terrible video and editing.The bad part of this atrocity , though , apart from the plot , would have to be the effects.. .
 or rather the disturbing lack thereof .
 there be no blank in the gun , no flashpots , and what few sound effect exist be either stock 'gun ' sound , or they be generate by mouth ( yeah , you read that right ) .
 the filmmaker actually have the audacity to record a 'shh ' sound for the elevator door ; I guess he feel it make them sound more futuristic .
 this be suppose to be set in the year @card@ , after all .
 that do n't explain the sound he create by mouth for the fist-fight scene , however.If it be n't bad enough that the sound quality be terrible ( he just use the microphone that be mount on the video camera , and it show ) , the use of stock gun sound be almost bad than not use any sound at all .
 the sound effect stand out from the rest of the soundtrack like a drunken yak in a herd of sheep , and they be just as clumsy .
 picture this : the bad guy enter an office building search for his prey .
 a lady start to run in fear .
 he raise his gun ( an uzi ) , and shake it .
 we hear a sound that be clearly not an uzi .
 the woman run away from camera , and suddenly a single blood pack ( only @card@ ) explode on her back ( look like she be hit by a paintball ) , and she fall flat on her face.Bear in mind that my description do far too much justice to the ineptitude of the actual sequence.In another sequence , one which almost- but not quite- make the movie funny enough to watch , take place in a stairwell .
 the bad guy chase the good guy and the lady he be protect down the stair , shake his plastic uzi all the way .
 you may wish to duck ; there be badly time sound effect fly all over the place.I suppose Alan Deherrera ca n't be lock away for conceive of this train wreck , but he do follow through all the way to edit and release it .
 if there be any justice , there be bound to be some karma out there with his name on it.Should you decide to watch this lump of industrial waste- and I would strongly advise against it- be sure to watch for the entire scene lift nearly verbatim from Bladerunner , and the AM radio that double as a walkie-talkie .
 try not to focus too hard on the plot ; it will only hurt you more if you do.0 star of @ord@ and that be be generous .
 what be it with Americans and their hang-up with religious gobbledy-gook ?
 to think this be a best-selling novel be incredible , but to pull it off as a movie you really need good acting and a script that deliver .
 in this case , all the good actor have go to heaven and we be leave with Kirk Cameron as a CNN-type journalist( !
 ) try to discover why a lot of people have simply disappear .
 oh yeah , there be a subplot about an evil world conspiracy and famine , or something .
 the good news be that this be do so cheaply , and with such inane dialogue , that it have sheer entertainment value in all of its unintended laugh .
 not recommend for anyone with a 3-digit IQ .
 ok so I be bore and I watch it all the way through.This film be mild , inoffensive and lacklustre .
 the story be so sugary it rot your tooth on the opening title .
 a tail of two 'traumatised ' child learn about 'God ' the fairy story way which frankly leave me rather traumatise .
 it use the Irish 'blarney ' in such a stereotypical way one hope no true Irish ever see it .
 aim at child who frankly would switch off after the first attempt at an 'OIRISH ' accent .
 all in all why do they pump these out .
 I thank god I do n't go to cinema for this film .
 I would be very sorry for the money I give .
 I see it on tv and I could n't beleive my eye .
 I wonder if any film could be bad than this one .
 they spend million of dollar to this film for nothing .
 awful acting and awful scenario .
 I think the other people who write comment be the man work from that film company ; ) it be very big fiasco !
 in year @card@ can they still laugh at this kind of film ?
 embarassing.. .
 'Say Yes ' be one of those flick that you keep hope be go to get good , but it never do .
 it be the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decide to menace an innocent couple ' crapfest , so beloved of straight to video film-makers.The dialogue be clunky and , in several place , poorly translate .
 the acting be uniformly poor , especially from the villain of the piece , play by Joong-Hoon Park .
 he seem to think that by not blink and try to talk in a deep voice he be make his character seem threaten , when all it really do be make him seem a bit simple.The plot deserve special mention , as it be idiotic beyond all belief .
 the 'heroes ' do n't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threaten to kill them .
 the 'heroine ' twice manage to miss see the villain when he be no more than a foot away from her .
 the villain get past a police checkpoint ( while wear a shirt cover in blood , and a bloody head bandage ) by show the cop a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he be drive .
 the villain be punch , club with a shovel and stick through with a pitchfork , but never seem to be impede by these , rather serious , injury .
 and do n't even get me start on that terrible 'twist ' ending .
 Sheesh.The only plus point in this film , for me , be Sang Mi Chu .
 who be very pretty , but really no more than a mediocre actress.Overall , this film come off like a poorly write , flaccidly act and shockingly direct attempt to copy 'The Hitcher ' and 'Spoorloos ' , but it fail at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involve .
 this 'film ' be the culmination of everything that be bad about modern film .
 unnecessary slow motion , unnecessary flipping/jumping/somersaults , unnecessary character , unnecessary dialogue... .
 basically unnecessity .
 ( be that a word ?
 well , it have just be invent by I , Robot.)What happen to practicality ?
 ( i.e. the car garage , the skin spray ) the only tool that show a combination of futuristic and realistic function be the card swipe at the coffee shop.What happen to show respect for woman ?
 ( i.e. smith 's character do nothing but degrade the doctor for the good part of the film , and yet she still 'wants ' him .
 where be the tension ?
 I will tell you where , good look and not admiration or common ground)What happen to a detective that detect ?
 Smith do nothing but sit around and feel sorry for himself , complain to other people , and when they say something that spark a thought he be off .
 this be such a lame way to get the story from point b-c-d-etc.. .
 it be OK once , but not several time in a row .
 ( speak of several time in a row , what be the 'I be snore and not listen to you joke ?
 twice in one Scene ?
 )What happen to the small part in a movie be somewhat meaningful and not just a tool to promote rescue scene ?
 Shia LaBeouf ( the kid ) be in the movie for a total of TWO SCENES , we know that A-he degrade woman , and B-he know Smith...... .
 so of Course we should care about him and whether or not he come to harm,What happen to Hero 's ?
 let 's just forget that there be people , woman and child everywhere get attack by robot and selfishly save the only person withe my view that I have an acquaintance with .
 and why do he have to ramp his bike through the air , show off , while the doctor be somehow able to reach the same distance in a matter of second on foot.do n't get me wrong , I be all for spectacle .
 but I be also all for a shred of realism and meaning.I have to say I have never laugh quite so hard at a film in a long time .
 so thank Alex.I pray for the swing of the social pendulum back to simple technique , simple story and simple everything else in films..... .
 but mainly simple techniques.Big Budget Action film : 'you so have to die ' there be so many negative review about 'Stay away , Joe ' in here I just ca n't stay quiet any long and let this injustice happen .
 here be a side you have n't hear yet.Elvis Presley 's movie be my guilty pleasure for a simple reason : they be perfect film for a pure relaxation because I do n't have to think when I watch them .
 that mean I do n't have to worry about miss a complex plot because there never be a proper plot to start with .
 I can just kick off my shoe , grab a beer , sit back , switch off my brain and enjoy all the general wackiness and catchy easy-going rock n ' roll tune from the groovy decade of them all.In my book 'Stay away , Joe ' definitely fall into the 'so bad it be good'-category .
 now if you be like me and appreciate 'the trash value ' , this be the ultimate @card@ 's camp experience .
 it be so bad that it be almost surrealistic to watch and just when you think that it ca n't possibly get any bad it surprise you in the most imaginable way .
 in the end you be so amaze by all the new level of stupidity you just do n't know whether to laugh or cry .
 in a nutshell : I love it because it be so damn amusing that there once be a generation that actually make film like this .
 I still give it @card@ out of @card@ though - once it hit the bottom @card@ it will become an instant bad movie classic .
 **SPOILERS**KHAMOSH be totally unrealistic , lack a plot , and be basically only make to see star portray themselves .
 the most suspenseful scene in the movie be when Shabana Azmi be in the shower and then we see her TV play the shower scene from PSYCHO .
 this movie actually expect user to believe that Naseeruddin Shah 's character have a good enough memory to remember where certain shot be fire and how many !
 ***SPOILER BEGINS***At the end , the killer spill his gut to Shabana Azmi long enough to allow Naseeruddin Shah 's character to run up and shoot him !
 ***SPOILER ENDS***It be a little humorous ( only a little ) in the beginning to hear the director and cast member throw insult at each other and hear Shabana Azmi exclaim , 'Oh sh-t !
 'Overall , a baaaaaaaaaaad movie !
 rating : ** out of ********** ( @card@ out of @card@ ) how , in the name of all that be holy , do this film ever get distribution ?
 it look as if it have be shoot on someone 's mobile phone and take the scream girl victim scenario to whole new depth .
 they literally scream for the full @card@ minute of the movie .
 and that be all they do .
 there be no plot , no tension , no character , and not a lot of act .
 just scream and more screaming.I give up after fifteen minute and fast-wound through it to see if anything happen .
 it do n't - except for scream , of course .
 Odlly enough , the act of go through it on fast forward highlight another problem - there be no camera-work to speak of .
 every shot look like every other shot - middle distance , one angle , dull , dull , DULL.It be not so bad it be good .
 it be just plain bad .
 I have the 'privilege ' of attend a special screening of 'The Absence of Light ' at a horror convention in Ohio.First off , you know you be in trouble when the director introduce a film , say : 'Now keep in mind , we do n't have much money.. .
 ' not that no-budget film be bad , but when a filmmaker use this as an excuse , the result be always poor .
 and there be no good example than this unwatchable sleep-fest.Actually , 'Absence of Light ' mark a first in the world of underground cinema : it be the only time I have see a dream-cast of talented genre vet actually bear me .
 charismatic actor like David Hess , Tony Todd and Reggie Banister randomly enter and exit the movie and prove to be every bit as uninterest as the amateurish no-names .
 who be their character ?
 what be they talk about ?
 who care ?
 it be all so dull , you will cease to care about anything or anyone.After thirty minute of this endurance test , I give up and walk out of the theater .
 not surprisingly , so do most of the cast member in attendance.Any curious genre fan would do well to stay away from this .
 with a little luck , this movie wo n't ever see the 'light ' of day .
 do n't even waste your time , let alone pay rental for this piece of dreck !
 how it get make be beyond me .
 ( I do n't know why there be a minimum of @card@ lines.. .
 I have already summarize this trashy movie , but , oh well.. .
 ) the act be awful , like they all need lesson .
 the plot be weak , the ending.. .
 Feh !
 I think the cinematography be the only thing that do n't totally suck.. .
 well , maybe the sound be minimalistically OK .
 the one good thing be , if they could make this movie , even make some money with it , there may be hope for any screenwriter with a real idea .
 so , you-all take heart !
 I guess the same hold true of actors.. .
 if these people actually get pay , then you can , too !
 I have now just realise that by watch this film I have lose valuable precious moment of my life I will never get back .
 Thsi film be n't just poor its dire .
 it remind me of every stereotypical black sitcom ever made.I regret watch this film.Flixmedia reckon its a race issue , apparently 'White ' people do n't like it because it do n't have white actor .
 mate , I think you will find the reason why no one like this be because watch paint dry be far more entertaining and funny then this pile of drivel.Please stop make crap film how come I have never see or even hear about this junk-movie before ?
 it be right up my alley with bloody teenkill , laughable plot and an irresistible @card@ 's cheese-atmosphere hang around it .
 for some reason nobody be really interested in , the staff and student of an elite Catholic university be butcher by an unknown psychopath .
 freshly recruit teacher Julie Parker become involve when all the people she have contact with either turn up dead or behave strangely .
 this movie be hilariously bad !
 there be absolutely no logic or coherence and every character be equally meaningless to the other .
 for example , there be a girl kill and her body dump in a container .
 then , and for no reason , the story suddenly move forward three week yet the murder girl be never mention or even miss .
 not even by her boyfriend !
 the acting be pitiful and there be n't even a bit of nudity to enjoy .
 the revelation of the killer be quite funny because the maker really seem convinced that it be an original twist.. .
 it be not , guy !
 'Splatter University ' be easily one of the bad horror-turkeys ever .
 seriously , why do American and Frech actor pretend to be Czech need to speak perfect English with a fake Russian accent ?
 I be a man , so i enjoy the gratuitous nudity--but a soft porn flick would have more of that , and at least would n't pretend it 's artistic.All the political statement where painfully didactic- have the director hear of subtlety ?
 the act be also woody and melodramatic , and the comic relief be never funny .
 the character be very shallow , and I just could n't identify with them at all.The bit where I do laugh be when they cut the actor into archival footage of the demonstration in Prague - and they be black and white and then sepia to match the footage-just ludicrous.I read many of Kundera 's short story ( not the unbearable lightness of be ) , and there be good thing about his style of writing ( although his theme be one big male fantasy)-and I have to say , the film do NOT convey any of the goodness of Kunderas style .
 true , there be many movie much worse then this movie .
 this movie be no Manos : the Hands of Fate , or Troll @card@ ( yes , I have see them both. .
 twice ) but at the same time this movie be no Alien , predator or even Alien V .
 predator ( Yes , even that movie surpass this ) .
 movie like this make Battlefield Earth look like a Star Wars it be so bad .
 Razzie award lookout , your big competition have just arrive in theater .
 this film I be talk about be of course Alone in the Dark .
 I will try to take you though a step by step process on why this film be so bad.Acting- I will first start off with what perhaps be the good component of this film ( next to the end credit , which play 'Wish I have an Angel ' , the acting .
 Christian Slater must be proud of himself , he successfully prove that it be possible to act decent in a film worse then drink antifreeze .
 though all his awful dialog he have to speak , it make me wonder why he just do n't walk off the set halfway .
 perhaps it be because of Stephen Dorff be in the film as well ( somebody he wish he could be but fail at it ) .
 Tara Reid be a bad actress but good look and that be all that really matter in film like these .
 that be not to say the act be perfect though , it be average , not good , and perhaps the only thing in the film not good.The Soundtrack- except for 'Wish I have an Angel ' , the soundtrack be pointless and bad heavy medal be pump into the viewer ear , perhaps to disguise the awful story ( something I will get to soon ) .
 a long and very expensive @card@ CD soundtrack be now up for sale for those musically challenged.The Directing- Directed by Hollywood favorite director Uwe Ball who bring us the classic house of the Dead .
 tell us 'Yes , movie can get this utterly bad and that be just the beginning to my deadly saga of awful movie ' .
 at least it be say to be direct by Uwe Ball .
 without be tell I would have guess a monkey be kidnap from the Congo , bring here and force to make opinion on how to make the movie under penalty of be shock .
 the director of photography be probably a camcorder tape onto a skateboard and push forward until it hit a wall .
 on the scene where the camera should stay still it be constantly move , not allow us to stop anywhere and when it should be move in action , the camera stop for some reason.The Producing- who on earth be stupid enough to put money towards this bomb ?
 I pity the fool.. .
 sometimes .
 sometimes I be glad he or she be teach such a lesson to never put money towards garbage worse then dog dung tie up in a bag.The Writing / Storyboard- try to Analise the story be more painful then jam an ice pick under a big toe and kick a soccer ball as hard as I possibly could with it right after but I will still attempt it.Edward Carnby escape as a child from an orphanage where @card@ child where to go under science experiment .
 he escape and hide in an electrical outlet where he be electrocute ( this be the point where it get so bad i start to laugh out loud ) .
 then it fast-forwards many year later where he be a paranoia detective .
 he get be attack by some zombie that ca n't be shoot to death , kill it and move on with life .
 later on he get attack by some crazy look monster and he discover secret that nobody else knows.Yeah , the plot be bad , really really bad .
 the film being with expect us to read approximately @card@ minute , which feel like @card@ , of random text about an untrue civilization call the Abskani .
 the film go not to have one twist after another , more then the audience can handle , more then the audience want to handle , more then the audience could ever care about .
 this storyline be rock bottom bad that even Double Dragon do better.Overall , miss out on this movie .
 I give it a @card@ out of @card@ but that be because there be no @ord@ there be nothing new for me to say : @card@ hour of people die over and over in the same hill .
 the cast be stellar , but unfortunately the producer/director/editor/God goof .
 he should have eat humble pie ( if not for his own sake then for the man who die in Kargil ) , hire one of these brilliant Bollywood director , hire a real scriptwriter , hire a real editor , hire a musician that be n't relate to him in some way ( and who seem to have listen to some bad version of 'Apocalypse now ' on some cheap Indian drug ) , hire a real professional crew , throw away all the firework and tell a real story .
 unfortunately he , like the bigwig of the Indian Army , make decision that be terrible for his actor , and terrible for his audience .
 we all die over and over.Please do n't do that again , Sir !
 Sushma Kathmandu , Nepalps : next time an Indian director decide to glorify the Gurkha regiment , I suggest he hire more than one Nepali to represent the team .
 surely there be plenty of Nepali man work in Bombay--last count be @card@ to half a million .
 the central theme in this movie seem to be confusion , as the relationship , set , acting and social context all lead to the same place : confusion .
 even Harvey Keitel appear to be out of his element , and lack his usual impeccable clarity , direction and intensity .
 to make matter bad , his character 's name be 'Che ' , and we be only told ( directly , by the narrator ) well into the film that he be not 'that ' Che , just a guy name Che .
 the family relationship remain unclear until the end of the film , and once define , the family be divide - the young generation off to America .
 so clich .
 other review discuss how the movie depict the impact of the revolution on a boy 's family ; however the political stance of the director be murky at good , and we be never quite sure who be responsible for what bloodshed .
 so they lose their property ( acquire by gambling profit ) - so what ?
 refuse to take a political stand , when make a movie about the Cuban revolution , be an odd and cowardly choice .
 not to mention the movie be in English !
 why be all these Cubans speak English ?
 no wonder they do not get permission to film in Cuba .
 and if family life be most important to look at here , it would be great if we could figure out who be who - we be 'introduced ' to them all in the beginning - a cheap way out of make the relationship clear throughout the film !
 the act be mostly shallow , wooden , and unbelievable , timing be off all around .
 the 'special ' visual effect be confuse and distract .
 reference to American film - and the black character as Greek chorus - strictly gratuitous , intellectually ostentatious , and consistently out of place .
 I only watch the whole movie because I be wait for clarity , or some point to it all .
 it never happen .
 first off , to give you some idea of my taste in movies...2007 comedy I enjoy : Superbad , Knocked Up , Hot Fuzz , Blades of Glory2007 comedy I hate : Evan Almighty , the Brothers Solomon , Good Luck ChuckI should have follow my first instinct and turn off 'Hot Rod ' after I get to about the @card@ minute mark .
 I know by that point that this movie would not make me laugh once .
 the script be absolutely brutal - I have no idea how this monstrosity manage to crack @card@ on IMDb .
 any one old than @card@ year old who enjoy this must be some kind of mental defective.This do n't come close to anything with Will Farrell and it be clear that Andy Samberg ca n't carry anything longer than a @card@ to @card@ minute sketch on YouTube or SNL .
 I do n't know how they rope Ian McShane and Isla Fisher into do this movie.. .
 they must have owe favors or something .
 I come in know that it would be a dumb movie , but I think it would at least be funny .
 I do n't so much as smirk.I do n't normally comment on movie at IMDb , but this be so awful , I just have to warn people .
 this be only the 4th movie I have see that I have feel compel to rate @card@ .
 they should have call this movie : 'Adopted Mouse Brother that be slightly inspired by someone 's Vague Recollection of Stuart Little who just Kind of Skimmed the book a Little , but mostly just Remembered the Cover ' if it be n't so mislead I will give it a good review.But seriously people , do your kid a favor and have them read the book .
 they might actually learn something instead of have their mind numb by what we all know as Hollywood film.The book Stuart little be n't about a mouse , it be about a person who happen to be very small and mouse-like .
 he be bear to his parent , not adopt .
 the book be about his life and his eventual departure from home and the journey he embark on .
 there be a cat name Snowball who think he be food and want to eat him , but Snowball ca n't talk.In the movie they screw all of that up .
 I think the only thing that they keep from the book be the boat race and the name .
 I be a huge fan of warrior movie .
 some of my favorite be Braveheart , Troy , the last samurai and gladiator .
 and after watch Mongol , which be absolutely awesome , and which i strongly recommend , i have high expectation from a Sergei Bodrov movie .
 but it be terrible , awful , even pathetic be not a strong word in this case .
 the whole movie i be wait for something exciting to happen , but it do n't , then i be at least expect a big epic battle at the end , but even that be a huge disappointment , just some random run around , wave with the swords.. .
 there be so many good warrior movie , this one be not one of them .
 without wish to be a killjoy , Brad Sykes be responsible for at least two of the most dull and clichd film i have ever see - this being one of them , and Camp Blood be another.The acting be terrible , the print be shoddy , and everything about this film scream 'seriously , you could do better yourself ' .
 maybe this be a challenge to everyone to saturate youtube with our own zombie related crap ?
 I buy this for @card@ , but remember , you ca n't put a price on @card@ minute of your life .
 you will do well to avoid this turkey , even at a bargain basement price .
 man , this be hilarious .
 it should be under COMEDY .
 or STUPID .
 it would have make realize what a pile of stank this be much easy .
 seriously ?
 I want anyone associate with this movie tased , effective immediately .
 for everyone who be think of watch this 'movie ' , let' 's go over a few plot point .
 oh , wait .
 there be n't any .
 there be literally no plot .
 I think Casper Van Dien be bore , and he decide to film something with some random someones , and miraculously , it somehow get on videotape .
 this movie be literally the bad movie of all time .
 do n't believe me ?
 go watch it .
 do it , man .
 I dare you .
 but be prepare to gouge your eye out .
 if you can sit through this without blow a cow , you be very strong and courageous .
 slasher film be often see as the derivative , repetitive and frankly unoriginal .
 I happen to to be a horror movie fan , but this film be just so poor , word fail me .
 the script be severely lack , the plot be ridiculous , the act astoundingly bad .
 just an all round stinker , that I waste time of my life on .
 this have all the entertainment value of a 15th sequel to a film that be dire in the first place.Who greenlit this mess ?
 I only like two thing in this movie .
 the first be the killer 's mask - which be nice .
 the second be the Austrailian affinity with humourous profanity.Save yourself , and avoid this hideous mess .
 I usually like comedy movie .
 I really enjoy them .
 but I do n't really get the point of 'Envy ' .
 I mean , it have a dull content/topic , and it be not really funny.Although the acting be generally good , it be not enough for the movie to get at least a bit interesting .
 Stiller and Black do n't show all their talent in this movie.So , if you be about to rent a comedy , I suggest you definitely do n't go for this one .
 unless you want to get bored , and I can see I be not the only one with this opinion , because even Jack Black apologize for it ( take a look at Trivia ) .
 you can deny that we have an affinity for speed .
 that be why movie like Fast and the Furious , Dhoom , Rempit get make to play to the satisfaction of audience , especially local one .
 we live on a tiny island , and I can fathom why , for the relative efficiency of the public transportation system , most of us want to get into debt by own a set of wheel which come with @card@ % tax when they reach our shore , and the myriad of tax and bill to pay when operate one .
 not only that , the high end sport car be once quip by a prominent politician up north that they will never reach fourth gear , lest they reach the sea.And these movie be relatively easy to make .
 hot wheel and hot chick always go down well together in target the require demographic .
 for once , those plunge neckline expose uncanny buxom and short skirt accentuate leg two meter long , ca n't compete with the attention give to those beautiful curve that exotic car possess in movie such as these .
 of course there be amongst us ( ahem ) those that go for the sexist portrayal of woman as mere sexual object ( otherwise explain why motor show come with truckload of model , and movie such as these can do without a leggy model in a frame ) , however , they do n't warrant the kind of collective orgasmic sigh whenever the four wheeler come on screen , even when they do exactly nothing and have their gear into Park .
 the guy sit beside me , I swear he wet his pant every time his dream car(s ) appear , and cream his pant even more when he hear those growl engine moans.So there we have it , the fan boy who turn up in drove just to watch which of the late cool car get feature in the movie .
 with the Fast and the furious franchise , the Japanese model like the Evos and the skyline take centerstage , as do the GT .
 here , the Ford GT take on an incredibly drool-worthy facade modification , that even I be impress , alongside the late model like the Ferrari Enzos , Porshe Carerra GTs , Koenigsegg CCXs , and every car out there that have wing for door .
 but seriously , my heart go out to the car each time they be mercilessly wreck just for entertainment .
 I mean , this be perfectly fine , high performance model that be at the apex of motor , but yet because whoever finance the movie have million to blow , they do so because they can,There be no story in Redline , just excuse to put together a movie full of beauty ( the car that be ) that can rip down the tarmac in probably the most boring fashion possible , and with the usual shot of pedal ( always the accelerator , mind you , tap the brake pedal be tantamount to blasphemy , and earn you no respect ) , steer wheel , gear shift ( always shift up and not down ) , all these while have the actor make pretend that they be the baddest ass with an engine , snarl and give each other dirty look .
 not a very tall order for an actor , and that be why we get the most woeful performance ever , with line that seem to be write by elementary schoolkids.The heroine ( yes , it make a statement that girl can drive ) Natasha ( a very plasticky look Nadia Bjorlin ) be one of those million dollar find - a girl with model look who do n't mind get down on four and immerse in oil , who have racing pedigree within her , and perform with a rock band sing song with lyric that be just plain laughable ( every line have to do with car , and when sing about love , just have to string those innuendo like shift gear shaft , lubricant and go for ride ) .
 introduce against her wish to illegal racing by a gangsta call Infamous ( Eddie Griffin ) , she get draw into family squabble involve a Leo Dicaprio lookalike Iraq war veteran , and some sleazy lecherous look rich uncle .
 everything else , well like I say , just serve as an excuse for the movie to go from race to race.And it be almost always the same , as there be very limit to what you can do to heighten tension between race car , especially when you know the race be rig ( for narrative reason ) and can see the race outcome a mile away from the finishing line .
 while Fast and Furious have quite charismatic actor , and I will put my head on the chop block by name Paul Walker , Sun Kang , and of course , the star it create - Vin Diesel , Redline have none , just pretty face with lot of air unfortunately .
 it look like a TV movie in its treatment from the get go , with a very insipid opening sequence where it be one man , one car , and a @card@ minute race against time to get to Vegas.If not for the car , then this movie seriously be a piece of junk , with bad acting , bad line and bad action .
 strictly for the car fan , or those who like their movie with countless of bevy beauty who pimp their body without any speak line .
 why , o ' why !
 ...did I pick this one up ?
 Well.. .
 i need a no-brainer in the summer heat , and the cover look cool.Of course I should have know well .
 this be a really , really bad movie .
 and it get embarasing when the maker know it be bad , and try cover it up by add some sexy/beautiful woman , and some sex-scenes to it .
 well , folks.. .
 it does'nt cut it , do it !
 if you WOULD like a cool movie about a big reptile that be actually very , very good , well-play and funny : go rent Lake Placid !
 ( that be an order ) I really hate this show !
 I have watch one episode , and I know this show be really terrible .
 the story line be both poorly write and execute and the joke be really bad...I mean it be just a sh++ty rip-off of Dexter 's Laboratory and Johnny Quest , 'bout an obnoxious boy with flame blond hair with his twin genius sister and talk dog ; a stay-at-home dad and a smart , super-busy mom...Like oh-my-flippin'-God !
 their dad be a mother-f**kin ' crazy home-maker , be n't that so gay !
 if my dad be a home-maker , I would personally die !
 of shame that is...Really I would.I have nothing else to about this...this travesty but only @card@ word ; count them @card@ word to describe it : Lame , Stupid , and above all.. .
 F**K UP !
 that be all I could say folk , it be definitely make my list of bad animated series EV-ER !
 if I have one that be .
 quite possibly the bad movie that I have ever see .
 when have Hollywood ever make a successful movie that attack republican ?
 why do n't they learn .
 the Dixie chick have n't .
 these lefty live in their own elite bubble interact among themselves ; oblivious to the fact that most of America be much further right than they are.The good Hollywood production be not partisan and be rarely political at all.Dan Akroyd 's imitation of Cheney be bad.I would have think Cussack could have land good movies.It be n't funny .
 when I decide to watch the BARBARIANS , star those twin bodybuilders , Peter and David Paul , I think it could n't be that bad because the film be direct by Ruggero Deodato , who have a reputation for create sleazy movie but well make sleazy movie .
 well , the BARBARIANS be remarkably trashy action/adventure movie that want to be another Conan THE BARBARIAN , and fail at every level .
 the look of the film be all wrong .
 some scene be well shoot but the tone and the schintzy , tacky 'disco ' look of the clothes and hair people be adorn with just do n't make any sense whatsoever , even for a low budget flick like this one.Richard Lynch look like an old woman with that ridiculous hairdo and costume .
 he be suppose to be menace but he come across as a buffoon .
 and it be funny to see Eva LaRue Callahan , one of the star of All My Children , appear in her first movie , walk around in skimpy fur bikini .
 I be sure she want this dreck to disappear from the face of the earth !
 the so-called Barbarian twin be okay as the muscle bind hero but it be almost impossible to construct a proper critique of their acting because their role be , like everything else in this mess , really ill-conceived .
 the only way the film try to differentiate one twin from the other be by have one twin wear a loincloth that cover his ass , while the other twin 's loincloth barely cover his muscular butt .
 I be not kid !
 do n't ask me who be who though.Deodato must have be really desperate to agree to make this film .
 and his desperation be reflect perfectly in this trashy flick .
 it be just bad .
 I appreciate the need to hire unknown for these kind of 'horror ' movie , but they should at least hire some proper actor .
 the sergeant especially be guilty of use his monotone to bulldozer every single line he have .
 but let be face it , the line be n't really important .
 there be n't really a recognisable plot , so most of the writing involve the word f**k , s**t , m*****f****r and other assorted bad language in place of proper dialogue.The 'story ' as it be , be mostly make up of seemingly random gore and death , with a couple of cringe-worthy 'surprises ' , which happen around @card@ minute after you see exactly what be go to happen .
 not only this , but there be several glaring plot hole and continuity error ( why be they go in there ?
 do n't he have a weapon ?
 be n't he dead ?
 ) , so it make the whole film seem as if it have be cut down by the several hour it would take to fix them.Another film which simply rely on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience .
 the only connection this movie have to horror be that it be horribly unentertaining .
 I would rather prick my finger with a rusty nail than have to sit through it again .
 even for a TV movie it be flat .
 the cast be boring .
 the screenplay be as exciting as a bowl of sand .
 how two director conspire to create such a nothing movie will remain one of the great mystery of the 20th century .
 there be only one scene even vaguely worthy of inclusion in the Omen franchise , and it be shoot in slo-mo and cut short at the anticipated pay-off .
 if you be tempt to see this , pop it in , set your alarm clock for @card@ minute and get comfy .
 with any luck you will doze off quickly , and the alarm will wake you once the bad be over .
 namely , this movie .
 witchy Hildegard Knef trap a group of people in an isolated hotel and pick them off one by one in twisted , disgusting way .
 I think I have see it all until one unfortunate man here be crucify and then have his head set on fire .
 Hildy be quite the prankster too : she take a nagging harpy and sew her mouth shut...then hang her upside down in the chimney just in time for a roaring fire !
 'Witchery ' make me sick .
 it make my eye hurt .
 I be ready to write it off as the bad movie ever-ever-ever make by otherwise competent people...until the finale .
 I have to admit I love the ending .
 it involve a boy and his toy tape-recorder corner by Linda Blair look fantastically possess .
 the scene only last for about a minute and the movie be over , but you know that old saying : 'If you have get a great ending , people will forgive you for just about anything !
 ' this show make me feel physically sick , and totally detach from British society as a whole .
 it be programme such as this and Blue Peter that pretend that there were/are no class division in Britain .
 they will always say thing like ; 'Go into your loft and you may find this. .
 ' or 'Go into your back garden tonight and.. .
 ' - what about us 'scummy ' work class kid who never never have a 'loft ' , and a 'back garden ' which be nothing more than a @card@ meter square of balcony on the 14th floor of a council block ?
 public service broadcasting - yeah right !
 and on top of that , it be awfully depressing to see those stupid , middle class , up-their-own-backside kid mess about with bit of old plastic have 'fun'.. .
 do me a favour , and 'why do n't you ' go and slit your wrist or do a coke overdose on 'Mama and Papa 's ' money.. .
 you make me sick I rent this movie because I be browse through the horror movie section for those movie that no one be hear of and could be a possible gem .
 I see this and , since I be a fan of violence and gore , I get it .
 it get the rating of em which mean : extremely mature .
 think that this rare and high rating be totally mean for violence and everything else , I get it .
 the warning on the box say : extreme Violence , Extreme Langauge , and Nudity .
 the 'extreme violence ' strike my fancy .
 the movie end be a pretty tame slasher flick .
 it have one or two gory scene but I have see bad in a PG-13 movie .
 of course the amount of gore in a movie be n't all that count , right ?
 you have plot also .
 well , the plot be boring and there nothing really special about it .
 do n't rent it .
 I speak the truth .
 I ca n't imagine how someone could really enjoy it to the point where they say : 'I be gonna rent that again .
 ' it have it 's moment where it keep you go but I be never go to see that film again .
 badly direct garbage .
 a mediocre nihilist sadistic gorefest ... if you be the sort of person who like that ... see a shrink .
 even if you be that person it do n't make this a good film , the acting be really poor , the story full of plot hole , the director really should just give up and find a real job as he have no talent for this one .
 I can see why people dislike Uwe boll .
 .
 we have have a few of his film on lately and this be the good of them , which be really sad !
 a complete absence of any sort of humanity seem to suit some people but here it just grate .
 horror film can be full of desolation , they can be miniature work of art , they can be just good viewing when there be nothing else on ... Seed be just really really poor .
 I have a feeling that after 'Submerged ' , this one would n't be any better.. .
 I be right .
 he must be look for champagne money , and not care about the final product.. .
 his voice get repeatedly dub over by a stranger that sound nothing like him ; the edit be - well - just a grade above amateurish .
 it be nothing more than a B or C-grade movie with just enough money to hire a couple talented cameraman and an 'OK ' sound designer.Like the previous poster say , the problem seem to appear in post-production ( ...voice dubbing , etc .
 ) too bad , cause the plot be actually OK for a SG flick.I will never rent another SG flick , unless he emails me ask for forgiveness.Too bad - I miss Kelly LeBrock...--jimbo the beginning of this movie be good .
 it start to get really dumb after he tell the people he want to kill himself .
 I think if I come from a little town like that I would be offend after see this movie .
 they make a lot of these people look dumb and crazy .
 how could these people have so little to do that they follow him around all day .
 a lot of time these people be tell him way to kill himself like they be urge him to do it .
 how can so many people have little respect for other people ?
 I also think they could have make a much well end for this movie .
 there be some good part to this movie also .
 some people might like it , but I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 'Fever Pitch ' be n't a bad film ; it be a terrible film.Is it possible American movie audience and critic be so numb and lobotomized by the excrement that Hollywood churn out that they will praise to the sky even a mediocre film with barely any laugh ?
 that be the only reason I can think of why this horrible romantic comedy ( and I use that term loosely because there be nothing funny in this film ) be get good reviews.I sit through this film stun that screenwriter Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel would even for an instant think their script be funny.The brilliant Nick Hornby usually translate well to film .
 he adapt 'Fever Pitch ' for a British film star Colin Firth and Ruth Gemmell in @card@ ; Peter Hedges find Hornby 's voice for 'About a Boy ' ( @card@ ) and when 'High Fidelity ' be Americanize for a movie in @card@ , writer D.V. Devincentis , Steve Pink , John Cusack and Scott Rosenberg do n't go wrong because they keep the essence of Hornby 's wit and humor .
 they make one of the good film of that year.So why do the American version of 'Fever Pitch ' go so painfully awry ?
 the British version be n't a masterpiece , but it be charming , funny , unexpected and give us two character we could like , respect and understand.But Ganz and Mandel have excise everything funny in Hornby 's work .
 in Americanize the story , they have butcher it , remove all that be good and unique about Hornby 's work and replace it with conventional drivel.They have transform a funny story into a formulaic romantic comedy , never once veer from the wretched formula .
 Lindsey ( Drew Barrymore ) have three girlfriend , each of whom have a distinct function .
 one be overweight , the second 's cynical and ambitious , and the third be a romantic .
 want to guess how many male friend Ben ( Jimmy Fallon ) have ?
 what make 'High Fidelity ' such fun be not only a good lead man and lady , but engaging support character .
 in this 'Fever Pitch , ' the six supporting friend do or say nothing especially funny .
 they be so insignificant , they be not even decorative .
 the only reason they be in the film be because the formula demand it .
 Poor Ione Skye wind up as one Lindsey 's pal in a thankless role .
 the lovely Skye must have be wish Lloyd Dobler would swoop in and take her away .
 come to think of it , Cusack would have make an excellent Ben .
 of course , Cusack be too smart to attach himself to such an utterly tedious script.There be n't a single , solitary moment in this film that seem original or unforced .
 every plot turn be predictable , every lame joke telegraph .
 Ganz and Mandel labor for laugh .
 the first @card@ minute be so excruciatingly slow , you wonder if these chap realize they be write a comedy .
 you can mark the plot turn in this film by your watch .
 it be almost as if Ganz and Mandel pen this with some screen write guru 's formula paste on the wall .
 when they get to a certain page , they look up at the formula and say , 'OK , the guru say this have to happen now .
 ' and , presto !
 Directors Bobby and Peter Farrelly do n't help the film any .
 they have no concept how to introduce their story and character ( they hand over the V.O. narration not to the protagonist , but to another guy who sit behind Ben at Fenway Park ) .
 thanks to some extremely clunky writing , we have to watch Barrymore and Fallon stumble through their unfunny initial meetings.Barrymore do cute and adorable good than most .
 she be as good at it as Goldie Hawn in her heyday .
 but even her cuteness ca n't save this extraordinarily awful film .
 she try hard to wring some energy and humor out of this story .
 about @card@ minute into the film , Lindsey tell Ben , 'You be funny .
 ' the only explanation for her remark be that it be in the script .
 for Fallon 's Ben never say anything even remotely funny .
 Fallon be neither witty nor funny ; when he do comedy , he overacts.Fallon be never any good on 'Saturday Night Live .
 ' he be quite possibly the least funny person on that show .
 remember that lame sketch about a radio DJ who do all the voice ?
 the only reason 'Weekend Update ' work occasionally be because Fallon 's cohort , Tina Fey , know a thing or two about comedy.Actors who think they be funny and behave that way rarely , if ever , be actually funny .
 that be true of Fallon .
 he think he be hysterically funny when he barely raise a chuckle .
 his stuttering , unsure-of-himself shtick do n't work on the small screen ; it be lousy on the big screen.Unfortunately for Fallon , his role in this picture also require a few dramatic moment .
 if you think his comedy be bad , wait till you get a load of his dramatic stuff .
 two scene in particular - the first in a park , the second in front of Ben 's school - be painful to watch .
 the scene require an actor with a smidgen of dramatic ability , but Fallon have neither the knowledge nor the ability to make them work .
 his range of emotion do n't even run the gamut from A to B.Ben have no personality or depth .
 often , he come across as an oaf .
 and not a lovable one at that .
 it boggle the mind what Lindsey would find attractive about him .
 compare Fallon 's performance to Firth 's in the British version , and you will understand how terribly flat , unfunny and force Fallon 's Ben be and how wrong he be for this role .
 watch Fallon in 'Fever Pitch ' make one long for the dramatic depth and comedic nuance of Ashton Kutcher !
 just as 'High Fidelity ' do , an Americanize 'Fever Pitch ' could have work brilliantly .
 it just need good writer , more competent director and , most definitely , a strong , funny , smarter lead man .
 do yourself a huge favor : avoid this rotten film ; rent the @card@ British version and read Hornby 's book , instead .
 I love Alec Guinness .
 and that be say a lot after this film .
 actually , he be not bad in it .
 he just seem to stand aside , be urbane and his usual delightful self , but invest nada .
 it be obvious the girl he be match with be a featherweight , even as an inexperienced young French girl .
 Sir Alec would n't have choose her when he be young and very obviously be n't too happy about it now.The interesting character be the brood brother of the odd 'Suzanne ' , another twit .
 'Donald ' aspire to be a French Heathcliffe and I wait in vain for the source of his mystery .
 what deep dark secret be he hide behind that forehead ?
 be he in love with the father 's mistress ?
 why do he jerk Suzanne 's hair when she plot to bring the disparate part of this turkey together on the country estate ?
 or perhaps he have simply have enough of her obnoxious acting.The film would have be charming with Guiness and the 'older woman ' reminisce and see Paris together .
 that would have be a great story !
 two lovely experienced people in a beautiful city after the destruction of World War II .
 why do n't somebody come up with that ?
 I suggest watch Alec Guiness in 'The Card ' , a little know but worthwhile film .
 I give this loooooooooooong film a '2 ' because of the attractive actor and semi-sexy love scene .
 otherwise , if you ca n't read like a speed-reader you will Never get through the subtitle that try to keep up with the Spanish speed talk !
 and , what the hell be go on in the plot if you ca n't read the subtitle .
 endless stare and goof-eyes and constant rejection .
 just boring after an hour or so .
 some good cinematography but also some so Dark you think your screen have burn out .
 how this win anything I will never understand .
 difficult to talk about 'ACTING ' since the lead actor seem to just stare and look lovingly at each other when they be not push each other away .
 the character Geraldo be so attractive that it be difficult to believe that ANYONE would push him away .
 and what be with his mother ?
 I just plain do n't GET it most of the time except that there be three guy that all seem to have have a history with each other....but never figure out who be whose 'EX .
 ' I love watch Jerry as much as the rest of the world , but this poor excuse for a soft-core porno flick be needlessly offensive , lack anything resemble wit , and serve merely as a vehicle of self-promotion for Springer .
 even though it run a quick @card@ minute , the film drag hideously , and I should have have the common sense to walk out .
 simply atrocious .
 for two of the funny comedian , the movie be awful .
 fast forward it and never get any well !
 waste of time and waste of money !
 Tina Fey be such a great writer , I think that she would be so great in the comedy .
 the preview be so great , but they only show the good part of the movie .
 my husband even think that for a chick flick , it suck .
 what be up with that .
 movie be very slow ans boring .
 I will not recommend it to anyone at this time .
 I would like my money back for this one !
 boo from us here in Arizona .
 thanks but no thanks .
 who do this kind of stupid stuff to make people think that you be pregnant .
 I think that it be go to be so funny , I have have my own child and I have help other have child .
 it could have be more along the line of reality .
 when I see this movie , I could n't believe my eye .
 where these hilarious creature , dustbin muppets with big pointy tooth , really mean to be scary ?
 or where they design to have a good laugh ( I sincerely hope so ) .
 if you watch carefully you can even see the string operate them ( better ; drag them across the screen ) .
 the whole be rather funny than scary and I have a good time watch the movie because I be amaze by its overall incapacity to have only one good part .
 it be one big joke from begin to end and I believe this movie belong into a new category : so unbelievable crappy you will be laugh from begin to end .
 ( I be not even gonna try to comment on the acting or all the other thing ) I be start this review with a big giant spoiler about this film .
 do not read further...here it come , avert your eye !
 the main heroine , the girl who always survive in other slasher film , be murder here .
 there , I just save you @card@ minute of your life.This be one of those cheap movie that be throw together in the middle of the slasher era of the '80 's .
 despite kill the heroine off , this be just substandard junk.Both priest and college student get a bad rap here .
 they be picture as oversexed , sociopathic moron who have way too many internal problem to deal with what look like junior college campus life...and the college student come off even worse.'Splatter University ' be just gunk to put in your VCR when you have nothing well to do , although I suggest watch your head cleaner tape , that would be more entertaining.This be rate ( R ) for strong physical violence , gore , profanity , very brief female nudity , and sexual reference .
 while be one of the 'stars ' of this film do n't necessarily give me sage insight , i do know quite a bit of what be first there...and what end up on the screen .
 i remember see the original cut of 'incoming freshman ' and be very please .
 it be funny , sexy , raunchy , all the main requirement of a drive-in film .
 you have to remember this be shoot and release before all the rest...animal house , porky be , etc...so in its own way , this flick be truly ahead of its time .
 for whatever reason , the film be give to the main distributor who edit out half the original film , and then edit in ( should i say 'shuffled ?
 ' ) the most random scene ever .
 the fat guy , the people with goat heads....what the heck be all that ?
 !
 i be sure it be put in for additional T&A ; , but it be so slowly pace , it cause anything go on prior to it to grind to a screeching and painful halt .
 but all in all , it be a fun memory for me...especially in that i be able to say that the bad movie i have ever seen...i be in !
 Ned aKelly be such an important story to Australian but this movie be awful .
 it be an Australian story yet it seem like it be set in America .
 also Ned be an Australian yet he have an Irish accent...it be the bad film I have see in a long time I see the MST3K version of 'Deathstalker III ' and love the movie so much -- even 'unmystied ' -- that I decide to watch the entire series of 'Deathstalker ' film .
 I buy I and II and settle down for a laugh.Nothing about 'Deathstalker I ' be funny on any level and when the credit roll I be embarrassed and regretful that I have buy it !
 too much ugliness and nudity .
 I guess either 'DS @card@ ' be a much clean production or MST3K really edit a lot because I expect something similar , i.e. stupid and carefree and simple .
 I be wrong .
 even at $6.99 it seem a waste of money .
 I do n't even open 'DS @card@ ' as I will return it tomorrow .
 now I will probably just throw away this DVD as I ca n't return it and no one want it -- include myself !
 so really , do n't bother with this one .
 even the nudity ( lot of it , btw ) be uninspire and icky .
 'I think I will be lock away in a pad cell and they will throw away the key ' ( thus be a paraphrase snatch of dialogue from 'State of Mind'.One wonder in what tangled forest Paula Milne and her co-writer find the magic mushroom they must have eat , to create this feeble 'whodunnit ' and bring such rubbish to our screen .
 a pad cell should indeed be leave available.Niamh Cusack do her good , ( as do the other actor ) but surely her talent deserve a good vehicle than this .
 the height of absurdity have be reach , and this particular 'State of Mind ' be well bury and forget , and certainly not just 'placed in a box and lock away in a drawer ' .
 I rent this film purely on the fact that the cover appeal to me .
 however as soon as the film begin I have regret .
 it seem they use a home video camera to shoot this film and let a young child do it .
 they also use inappropriate ghostly face and shape to try and scare people but i find myself laugh , i could have put that together myself and do a good job of it.As for the plot I feel that it have some really good idea but because of dodgy line and in some case act they be overshadow .
 it have no direction.I do n't want to sit through it all because it cause me physical pain to watch it but i always finish what i start so i take a deep breath and let it carry on .
 definitely 98minutes of my life wasted.I would save yourself the embarrassment of know that you have watch 'Haunted Boat ' and find something that be more entertaining .
 I be a fan of low budget horror film but this be a major disappointment i think nothing could get bad after 'Terror Toons ' but this make me reconsider .
 a let down to its genre.* out of ***** ( the star be for the idea of have their bad fear come for them ) simply awful slasher , mold from the I Know what you DID Last Summer type of fodder , have beautiful wealthy college student spend spring break in a Florida condo be murder one by one .
 a misfire in every category imaginable from properly build suspense to the executed death sequences..nothing be handle properly and the character leave little more than caricature you root to see decimate as quick as possible .
 Del Tenney(The Curse of the live corpse ; I Eat your Skin ) , of all people , executive produce , co-wrote , and star as a priest in a pivotal role whose relationship to the killer I guess mean something to why he be psychotic .
 the revelation of the killer be awkwardly handle and ineffective , probably not surprising a soul who watch it .
 there be a lot of attempted jump scare , with one character pop out to frighten their friend , which could n't even manufacture a few cheap thrill , because they be so calculate in such a tepid way .
 most of the attack occur off-screen with bleed throat cuts(..or pools)representing the only real display of violence .
 the protracted finale , where the killer go on and on with the actor desperately try to make his villain as diabolical and dement as possible , be embarrassing and tense-less .
 there be not one single positive to derive from this clichd and dull exercise with the pretty cast make little effort to rise past their one-dimensional role .
 and , for pity sake , they could have at least allow us to see Joey Lawrence get decapitate or something for withstand the misery of sit through this junk heap for @card@ agonize minutes.Dorie Barton , as the heroine final girl , Beth Morgan , who the killer seem to be obsess with , could n't be more vacuous and uninteresting(..oh , she be in rehab , and take pill for her nightmare ; such intriguing exposition ) .
 Chad Allen , cast against type as a very intimidating 'friend ' of the group(..who happen to disappear from the film first , set up the idea that he be the first victim ) , have a tough hill to climb with his role , so steep he eventually stumble , roll uncontrollably with no end in sight .
 Jeff Conaway , need some cash I guess , have the beleaguered FBI agent role , whose daughter 's murder motivate him to seek out the killer , lead him to Florida .
 Jack McGee have his usual a$$hole role as a smart-mouth Florida Police Chief who be often nose to nose with Conaway 's agent.Oh , the answer to the title 's question..not really .
 because once you get the answer , you will wonder why you bother with this anyway .
 as a true Elvis fan , this movie be a total embarrasment and the script be a disaster .
 the movie open with the beautiful son 'Stay Away ' and the scenery of the Grand Canyon give the viewer hope of something special .
 Elvis get in the picture and his talent be waste big time , especially on the rest of the featured song .
 I sit through this movie twice , just to make sure it be a piece of junk !
 !
 !
 @card@ out of @card@ !
 !
 !
 Canadian be too polite to boo but the audience at the Toronto Film Festival leave the theater mutter that they would rate this film @card@ or @card@ on their voting sheet .
 the premise be that a modern filmmaker be interpret a 17th century fable about the love of shepherd and shepherdess set in the distant past when Druid be the spiritual leader .
 work in three epoch present many opportunity to introduce anachronism include silly and impractical clothing and peculiar spiritual rite that involve really bad poetry .
 lover be divide by jealousy and their rigid adherence to idiotic code of conduct from which cross-dressing and assorted farcical situation arise .
 the film could have be hilarious as a Monty Python piece , which it too closely resemble , but Rohmer 's effort fall very flat .
 the audience laugh at the sight joke but otherwise bemoan the slow pace .
 the ending come all in a rush and be truly awful .
 this be a trivial film and a waste of your movie go time .
 crazed Shotgun toting-incest driven-revenge seek truck driver & obsessive control disorder 'daddy rape me when I be @card@ ' handcuff carry , all latex wear prostitute be just a few of the character you will be introduce to in this complete disgrace of a movie that can easily be view on any cable TV station ( Ie : Skinemax ) at 4am on Sunday night .
 ( and yes I know that be an entire sentence , but bare with me people ; this be a long-winded review for a short pointless film).Filmed in 'somewhere ' Canada , with almost no budget , the plot to this freak show be trite , the police in it obviously never hear of 'State jurisdiction ' because they end up chase both Miya ( Hookers ) and Trent ( idiotic , Anal Retentive , Generic , insecure College Student ) all across the U.S. ( and I think only the FBI could do that ) .
 the camera be shaky , the sex scene be mediocre and the acting be so bad it might actually cause unintentional acid flashback to movie like 'Ishtar ' and 'Leonard Part 6'.As far as the Skin scene go ( which be the only reason to even rent this movie , do n't even think of buy it ) there be two of them .
 the first one be the only one worth watch though which be the Dominatrix sex scene with Kari Salin and ____(insert unknown actor here , he be obviously do nothing else worth note ) in a seedy , disgusting Motel room ( the kind with the busted sink that drip , and the soda machine outside that only have blue tonic water leave in it ) .
 it be all S&M ; ( ride crop , handcuff , hot wax , and underwear licking ) folk and in the end , he get leave in a motel room , with no money and cop wait at his door ( that have go to show you guy , do n't let a hooker tie you up in a 'middle-of-nowhere ' motel room ) .
 sadly though , Kari show no skin worth remember , and that alone can cause deep-seeded traumatic experience for some gentleman , so that be definitely a downer towards this flick.As for the ending , *Snicker*Snicker* I know you probably would n't mind if I reveal it to you but I wo n't , you should spend your hard earn money for that one .
 all in all I give it a @card@ for action , a @card@ for Skin ( see last paragraph ) and a @card@ for act , character development or intricate plot twists.- laugh man I ca n't believe how awful this movie turn out to be .
 I feel magnanimous even refer to it as a 'movie ' .
 the act be flat , the edit be terrible and the plot leave many major question unanswered .
 the premise be OK , if unoriginal : a small group of alien be live in the US and try to slowly take over humanity .
 but it go rapidly downhill from there .
 how could they convince a 'human ' to accept an alien as his wife in order to make they alien-human hybrid they require ?
 they show a larval alien but never show what it do .
 they have a plastic surgeon that can produce perfect look skin on an industrial scale .
 they throw in the obligatory huge alien monster with tooth .
 the end be almost too painful to watch .
 I suppose that I be mostly disappoint that Bruce Boxlietner would have anything to do with this .
 how could he say to the huge alien monster with tooth , 'Get away from him you son of a b*tch ' with a straight face ?
 it be a long fall from his Babylon @card@ day .
 avoid this at all cost .
 this movie lose me with the crossbow RPG ( rocket-propel grenade ) .
 it be like someone cut and paste a scene from Robocop .
 I half expect Beowulf to say exclaim , 'I like it !
 'I watch this because I like Chris Bruno from 'The Dead Zone ' TV show and he do his part .
 he choose a strange accent , but at least he keep it consistent for the whole movie -- unlike any of his costar .
 they keep slip into all kind of speech from old English to modern English , sometimes in the same sentence.There be already many comment on how this movie be different from the source material .
 however , even on its own , this movie 's plot be not good .
 it be just boring , which even the low budget do n't excuse .
 have a low budget mean that you need to at least have a good story , dialog and decent act .
 those thing do n't cost much .
 instead , they spend their money on half-assed CGI and some decent costume and sets.Life be too short to watch this movie .
 if an auteur give himself @card@ credit before the main title and about @card@ more credit before the movie start , and the first shot show the auteur roll around on a bed in lycra bike short , it wo n't be a surprise to observe that say auteur have the kind of body that should never be see in spandex .
 the kind of look that might be useful to a homosexual aversion therapist.Others have give this thing the dish it deserve .
 for me the most pitiable moment come when the trip from LA be signify by a plane landing at what appear to be Lax ; and the return be signify by a shot of a Fedex cargo plane .
 I have hear a lot about this film , with people write me tell me I should see it , as I be a fan of extremely bloody , gory movie .
 I get my hand on it almost right away , but one thing or another always keep me from watch it- until now .
 I would have be good off not remember I even have it.This movie be atrocious .
 the bad thing though be that it could have be so much good than it actually be .
 I know it be a story by Clive Barker and all , and no I have not read that story- but it appear to me that if you have n't then you will be , as I be , completely clueless and utterly disappointed.The film begin good enough- the actor be convince , the story interesting .
 the first scene be bloody- a great way to catch your attention .
 I think the blood look a bit bad , but see as it be the very first scene I do hope for improvement later on .
 I be wrong.The blood and effect be so horrible , it be almost an insult to my intelligence to be expect to believe that , for instance , someone could knock a person 's head right off their shoulder use only a meat hammer .
 WTF ?
 CGI blood ( do they even use ANY 'real ' blood at all ?
 my home make stuff look good than any use in this film !
 ) , unbelievable act of dismemberment ( eyeball pop out just from get hit in the back of the head ; arm cut neatly off- do no one remember there be Bones all throughout our body ?
 !
 ) , too-dark scene ( every scene be either an odd yellow color , or in hide in shadows)...it just get bad and bad .
 I find myself point out mistake after mistake .
 there be just too much .
 add that to the fact that what could have and should have be a great serial-killer movie turn into some demonic/supernatural/monster movie at the end...no thank you !
 it should have be keep as a creepy guy butcher people in the subway- OK , with a conspiracy theory throw in- and an overzealous photographer .
 maybe they murder people and sell the meat via the meat plant ?
 plausible , doable...and a lot well I think than the 'real ' story .
 that could have and should have work .
 instead it become a 'creatures live at the end of the old tunnel and everyone know about it but you , and unless you read the book , well...you just wo n't ever understand it ' fiasco .
 tragic , what an awful thing to do to a movie with such potential .
 if you like mindless fake blood and gore , you will love this .
 but if you have half a brain in your head then you will completely hate it .
 stay away- far , far away .
 this movie be extremely boring .
 it should least not more than @card@ minute .
 the image of child and animal be kill be little bit disturbing.Usually I do n't write comment but this one be so bad have so many good and excellent comment .
 I think in this case we be one step close to honest assessment of this title.What more can I say ?
 I fall asleep during this movie @card@ time .
 it be about @card@ hour after I have wake up from @card@ hour long sleep period .
 I think it be the point itself.There be no dialog between character except maybe @card@ sentence at the very end.When you fall asleep once watch it do not try to rewind and catch up because you will fall asleep again .
 whoever make this movie must have do it as a joke .
 I mean , this be the stupid movie I think I have ever see !
 !
 a killer snowman terrorize a small town ?
 give me a break .
 love it when he take off drive the cop car .
 more like a comedy than a horror movie .
 if you want a laugh , rent this .
 if you truly want a horror movie , stay the hell away from this one !
 !
 Bela Lugosi be an evil botanist who send bride poison orchid on their wedding day , steal the body in his fake ambulance/hearse and take it home for his midget assistant to extract the glandular juice in order to keep Bela 's wife eternally young .
 some second rate actor play detective try to solve the terrible , terrible mystery .
 Bela Lugosi ham it up nicely , but you can tell he need the money.This film be thoroughly awful , and most of the actor would have be good off stick to wait table , but the plot be wonderfully ridiculous .
 tell anyone what happen in it and they tend to laugh quite a lot and demand to see the film .
 I get the DVD in a discount store @card@ for @card@ , which I think be a pretty accurate valuation , anyone pay more for this would be out of their mind .
 wow this be the bad movie ever .
 the only reason i sign up for IMDb be so i could complain about this movie .
 i have never walk out of a theater or stope a DVD but i almost stop this one ( and i should have ) .
 but i watch it all the way to the end just to get let down again with an absolutely terrible ending .
 wow if this be all that wes craven can produce his time be long up .
 I have never see the first one and will never after watch this .
 its terrible acting with a terrible plot .
 hey look someone be shin a mirror at us let go check it out .
 and the sad part be that when this movie come to DVD it be completely check out at blockbuster forever .
 so i feel bad for all the people that see this junk .
 while watch this piece of crap !
 the day after , I see a 1min Trailer - that one minute include all , ALL what be at least not bore to watch...so do n't waste money or time on this one , get the original , it be much good though the effect might not be up to date.. .
 I have never see anything as awful as this movie for quite some time .
 the movie be boring , long long and awful plot .
 the special effect suck like hell - it be like watch a movie back in @ord@ it be a total waste of an hour and a half of my time .
 Matthew Settle 's performance be quite bad .
 I see him in Band of Brothers play Lt.Speirs , he be n't THAT bad .
 in fact not bad at all .
 but in this film , his acting be n't convince enough , it be quite bad and there be n't any chemistry between the rest of the crew either .
 plus , his eye seem empty like he be not feel it .
 it surprise me , really , because he be good in Band of Brothers.Anyway , do n't even bother to watch this movie .
 it be a big big Big waste of time .
 even if you have to kill an hour or two , get something else to do besides watch this movie .
 trust me , you will regret it !
 this mindless movie be a piece of crap and bore like the full house repetition .
 for all the people who want to see a great , exciting and cool horror movie should n't even think about watch this bunch of mindless work .
 a F- in my opinion .
 I have one question , what be they thinking ?
 let be make a list : 1 ) bad script @card@ ) bad script @card@ ) bad script @card@ ) bad acting @card@ ) bad directing and last but not least a bad script .
 I mean I be not like grump about every movie , but I be disappoint when I watch it .
 this movie should be ban into a box , lock and sink down into the sea .
 so please do n't do something like this again , please , please , please !
 !
 !
 !
 I could n't wait to receive the DVD after hear so much about the film .
 what a disappointment !
 this become one of the most confusing film I have ever view .
 there be so many character introduce , some resemble other , that it become impossible to follow the story line .
 I could not understand how George Clooney receive an acting award for the film since he be hardly involve , at least in the first half of the movie .
 my wife and I give up after about an hour of misery and stop the DVD .
 I might have consider fast forwarding to see if the end be any good but after so much confusion decide that chance for improvement be slim .
 a co-worker tell me that a lot of the movie 'comes together ' in the last minute or less .
 I be glad I do n't waste another hour , wait .
 I give the DVD away the follow day .
 the acting be some of the bad I have ever see , the character be totally unconvincing .
 this could be overlook to some extent if the plot be interesting , which the plot to 'The Prodigy ' be not .
 it be sort of a bad mix between 'Fresh ' and 'Animal House ' , except that both of those movie be good .
 spoiler .
 strange people with generous taste have be review this film .
 allow me to add balance by point out the following:Script : dreadful .
 as Tom and Dan be 'getting to know each other , ' banter about film , the talk be clearly that of one person , and I suspect it be the director , who carefully work his word to sound intelligent .
 at one point , Dan ask , 'Have you hear of the HIV virus ?
 ' and it sound about as natural as ask , 'Have you communicate with the nine alien race ?
 'Acting : White tooth do and a chiseled face do not a sensitive performer make .
 Speedman do well enough with what he be give , I suppose , but Marsden be terrible -- unsympathetic , unbelievable , and downright smug and smarmy throughout his captivity .
 there be an emptiness to his performance ( also see Interstate 60).Plot : spare me !
 the moment of half-escape be not thrill but irritate and weak .
 recall Marsden pretend to try key in the door and then throw them down : 'They do n't work , man !
 ' Tee-hee .
 and beware the semi black-and-white flashback , which be initiate with some schlocky sound take from CSI and other crime dramas.Most important of all , most dangerous , evil , and offensive , be the homophobia ( external or internal , you decide ) in a film in which HIV be consider a weapon .
 Tom say that Dan may have take off the condom or not use it at all -- excuse me , where be Tom while they be have sex ?
 there be some villainizing of the insert partner which come off as a villainizing of the gay man in general.In sum : beware !
 I hate to sound like an 'old person ' , but frankly I have n't see too many movie that I like that be make after @card@ .
 generally , movie just seem to get bad and bad ( although I quite enjoy the Scott Baio vehicle 'The Bread , My Sweet ' , except for the 'de rigeur ' sex scene which add nothing of value to THAT movie ) .
 this movie make the mother , a former Las Vegas chorus girl , seem to be incapable of survive on her own , although she be clearly in her 50s ( though hint at be in her 40s ) .
 I do n't buy it .
 I be @card@ and like all the woman I know in their 50s and 40s , more than capable of survive on my own ( as I have be do since I graduate from high school at @card@ , get legally emancipate and set off on my own life 's journey.)The daughter be not believable in her job role ... she get a promotion she do n't deserve ( a great opportunity ) and drop that ball too , but when another female employee step up to the plate and be ready to deliver , the writer shoot her down as an 'opportunist ' , when she be just do what any career-oriented person would do -- take advantage of a wide-open opportunity create by the lack of self-discipline of her coworker , a girl who apparently do n't understand the concept of honor her promise ( to her boss , in this case).The daughter grudgingly 'allows ' her mother to stay with her , on a temporary basis , but then treat her mother ( the woman who give her life and raise her to 'adulthood ' ) like a pariah .
 apparently the 'writers ' of tripe like this do not understand that it be NOT 'the common thing ' for parent to act like child , and then be treat as child by THEIR child .
 that be just more of the societal 'baloney ' that Hollywood keep try to force down our throat as though we , their public , be stupid for desire to be entertain by their creative offerings.This be a sad movie with a stupid ending .
 if the young male restauranteur have be real and not a two-dimensional 'tv character ' , he will have stay with the Mother , who be not that much old than him and quite attractive .
 but in the end he 'falls ' for the daughter , a shallow , rather uninterest girl who have that cuteness of youth , but in an ordinary , bland way .
 ( the 'opportunist ' young woman who work with this nothing girl be far more attractive , physically.)There be no believable reason present to the audience as to why the restauranteur prefer the daughter ( who be an uptight , selfish , self-centered b*tch who treat her mother with unbelievable disrespect ) to the mother -- a woman who be kindhearted , sweet-tempered , humorous , and have a joie de vivre the daughter could not even begin to comprehend .
 of course the mother have her own flaws.. .
 she have react to her husband 's demise by drink herself into a stupor for a year or two afterwards which supposedly create the rift between her and her smarmy daughter.Regardless of the way the character be or be not develop , this be a baloney movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time unless you actually like baloney .
 ( where be the mustard ?
 ) oh dear .
 I be so disappoint that this movie be just a rip-off of Japan 's Ringu .
 well , I guess the U.S. make their version of it as well , but at least it be an outright remake .
 so , so sad .
 I very much enjoy watch Filipino movie and know some great thing can come out of such a little country , so I ca n't believe this have to happen .
 Claudine and Kris be such big name there , surprise they would be affiliate with plagiarism .
 to any aspiring movie maker out there in the Philippine : you do not have to stoop this low to make money .
 there be many movie buff that be watch the movie Filipino put out and enjoy them !
 very bad film .
 very , very , very bad film .
 it be a rarity , but it defenitly be not worth hunting down .
 this Italian Jaws rip-off make little sense most of the time , and no sense the rest .
 the 'alligator ' be not at all convincing , and many of the sub-plots go nowhere .
 if it be at the local video store , you may want to watch it if you be a fan of monster movie , but it be not worth hunting down .
 this be by far the bad low budget horror movie i have ever see .
 I be an open minded guy and i always love a good horror movie .
 in fact , when I be rent movie i specifically look for some good underrate horror movie .
 they be always good for a laugh , believe i know , i have see many .
 but this movie be just so terrible it be n't worth a chuckle .
 I be consider turn it off in the first five minutes.. .
 which i probably should have .
 there be nothing good about it , first and foremost , the camera crew suck3d A$$ .
 the intro be stupid just like the ending .
 acting and special effect be terrible .
 please I be beg you , do NOT watch this movie , you will absolutely hate it .
 my wife and I find this film to be highly unsatisfy .
 while the plot keep you interested and busy wonder just what be go on , when you leave the theater , there be just too many loose end that make no sense at all .
 ( spoiler AHEAD ) Christopher Plummer , enormously wealthy head of a NY bank have a terrible hidden secret .
 profit from WW II deal with the Nazis and hide loot steal from Jews , he keep the evidence ( include diamond and document with the Nazi swastika ) in a safety deposit box in his bank .
 why ?
 if he want this never to be reveal , why do he not burn and destroy the document year ago ?
 and the diamond ?
 obviously , he do not need them - why keep them rather than dispose of them ?
 how do the bank robber find out his secret ?
 how do they know to zero in on this very safety deposit box #232 ?
 ace detective Denzel Washington also discover bank record show SD Boxes No be @card@ and @card@ , but no #232 .
 curious .
 he meticulously find time somehow to do an exhausting search of bank record to unearth this one curious fact .
 all the while deal with a red hot hostage situation and bank robber threaten to start execute them momentarily .
 wow !
 talk about super power for a detective.The bank robber leave behind million of dollar in loose currency in the vault they have open .
 they take only the content of SD Box #232 , ostensibly for the purpose of blackmail the bank president .
 this defy any rational attempt at a logical explanation for what the film depict as a criminal mastermind , or for his henchman with lesser brains.Jodie Foster , use her political connection with the Mayor of NYC , gain permission to enter the bank which be under the control of the bank robber while hold many hostage .
 she offer the chief bank robber a deal to buy back the document he now have in hand , but he ai n't interested .
 so what be his point ( if any ?
 ).My wife be offend by the arrogance of all the player , Christopher Plummer ( Bank President ) , Denzel Washington ( ace detective ) , and Jodie Foster , crack trouble shooter for high-powered problems.The last Jodie Foster movie I see , 'Flight Plan ' , be also riddle with hole that make no sense at all .
 I think I like Jodie Foster , but I will probably avoid her future films.Now my problem be that I can rarely persuade my wife to go to the movie .
 I can disagree with her on this one ... 'A Waste of MONEY , and a Waste of time .
 ' Be forewarn .
 a well craft film , fine actor , lousy script writing .
 I read this Thornton Wilder play last year in eighth grade .
 I be also force to sit through this weak translation of it on screen .
 let me tell you , it be not a terrific play , it be easily surpass , but man it deserve a much good shot .
 the act be really lack , the scenery-honest to God-looked like it be design out of cardboard by a group of three-year-old .
 as if it could n't get bad , the sound quality be lousy...there be this mind-numbing 'buzz ' whenever an actor speaks...and I also could n't help but notice that the chemistry between George and Emily , well , be non-existant .
 the actor all seem very uncomfortable to be there .
 there be no music .
 it be in black and white , which would be OK but it bring out the cheesiness of it all the more .
 in any case I think that if you be go to make a point of see this movie , which I do n't really reccomend , then do n't aim your hope to high .
 the play , as stalwart as it be , be probably good .
 there be a lot of movie that have set release date , only to get pull from distribution due to a legal snafu of some kind , and then put in limbo for a long time .
 you can only wish a film as rotten as 'Slackers ' remain in a coma for what it be worth , which be miniscule .
 release date be continually shift around for this truly awful movie that be so much a bleep on the radar like it deserve .
 the premise kick off under the guise of Ethan , a creepy nerd with a scary obsession for the campus bombshell Angela .
 Ethan devilishly enlist the aid of David and his friend who have be scamming the school for their entire run with blackmail to help win Angela .
 I do n't like to give spoiler out , but for a piece of crap like this I can make an exception .
 Angela fall for David , Ethan intentionally screw everything up , the good guy win .
 that be what happen in a nutshell for another tired retread of the teen gross out genre .
 gross humor be funny , it always have be date back to the day of the immortal classic 'Animal House ' , to the like of contemporary like 'There 's something about Mary ' and 'Road Trip ' amongst dozen of other of which there be too many to mention .
 but when you use it as a plot point you can only get so far , case in point , Ethan have an Angela doll compose of her individual strand of hair of which he do god know what with it .
 no one want to take witness to watch Ethan urinate in the shower while sing to himself .
 no one want to watch a young man singing 'She will be come around the mountain ' with a sock on his penis .
 but nothing can prepare you for the full visual assault of see @card@ 's bombshell Mamie Van Doren bare her breast at @card@ year old .
 I do n't know if it be the story 's lack of coherence , which cut to scene that make absolutely no sense .
 Director Dewey Nicks be a former fashion photographer , and after review this film , you can only wish he will go back to the profession .
 the bad thing you can do on any film , be to make it look like you be have fun , because you detract from your objective , just like 'Slackers ' doe , by bury it 's plot outline under a pile of gross out gag , pointless vignette , and lack of construction .
 it be like a bunch of college student get drunk , take one 's camcorder , and shoot a bunch of random crap and compile it together .
 if you want to see a teen gross out comedy that be actually good , then I suggest 'American Pie ' and 'Animal House ' , or 'Road Trip ' , just something that be entertaining , and not dreadfully bad like 'Slackers ' .
 coincidentally Cameron Diaz make a cameo in this film , just as she do in another bad film such as 'The Sweetest thing ' where the story treat gross humor like another plot , instead of a device much like this disaster. .
 if you pass by 'Slackers ' at your local video store , just keep on walk , and let it end up at the bottom of the shelf like it deserve .
 I read the book Celestine Prophecy and be look forward to see the movie .
 be advise that the movie be loosely base on the book .
 many of the book 's most interesting point do not even come out in the movie .
 it be a 'B ' movie at good .
 many event , character , how the character interact and meet in the book be simply change or do not occur .
 the flow of event that in the book be very smooth , be choppy and feed to the view as though you a child .
 the character development be very poor .
 Personnallities of the character differ from those in the book .
 the direction be similar to a 'B ' horror flick .
 I understand that it would take six hour in film to present all that be in the book , but they screen play base miss many point .
 the casting be very good .
 I go to a prescreening of this film and be shock how cheesy it be .
 it be a combination of every horror/thriller clich , try to comment on many thing include pedophilia , Satan worship , undercover cop , affair , religion.. .
 and it be a mess .
 the act be pretty washboard ; the kid and the Jesus dude be alright , but apart from them... .
 anyways .
 I admire the effort ( though slightly fail ) on the attempt at show the Christian people in a different way...even though they do that , the way it present the gospel be a bit stock and kiddish .
 but then again , it may have to be since he be talk to a little kid.. .
 no .
 actually , I have decide it be just all around bad .
 music.. .
 oh my gosh.. .
 horrible.. .
 toooo over-dramatic .
 okay .
 I feel bad for the people who make this movie at the premier ; it seem like a poor student project .
 I be go to stop rant about this now and say bottom line , go see this movie if you want to waste an hour and fifty minute of your life on crap .
 there you go .
 last night I decide to watch the prequel or shall I say the so call prequel to Carlito 's way - 'Carlito 's way : rise to Power ( @card@ ) ' which go straight to DVD...no wonder .....it completely ...and I mean completely S%&KS ; !
 !
 !
 waist of time watch it and I think it would be a pure waist of time write about it... .
 I do n't understand how De Palma agree on produce this sh#t-fest of a movie....except for only one fact that I tip my hat to.. .
 Jay Hernandez who play the young Brigante... .
 remind me how De Niro get into the shoe of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ...but the difference De Niro be amazing and even get an Oscar for it !
 !
 !
 Jay Hernandez well he have gut for try to be a young Pacino... .
 too bad for him I do n't think he will be play in film anymore and by the way after I watch this sh#$%ty movie , I sit down and watch the original Carlitos way to get the bad taste out of my mouth .
 I watch this show and i simply do n't find it funny at all .
 it might have be the first episode .
 lately i realize ABC be play a lot of stupid show nowadays and be go down as a station .
 all the character on this show be pretty bad actor , but even if they be good the joke and script be pretty horrible and would still bring the show down .
 I would say that I believe this show will be cancel , but see as how ABC be do pretty horrible for quality of show they be play , they might just keep this one simply because it be average compare to them .
 I use to have a fascination with the cartoon back in college when it be be make .
 it have much the charm of 'Get Smart ' .
 while it admittedly have its fault , it be rather enjoyable.Naturally I be very interested in see the film version .
 that be before I see it .
 afterword I wish it have never be made.Besides be miscast all around ( who on Earth though Broderick be even close to the role ?
 ) it just do n't make the grade.The effect be reasonable and perhaps the ONLY thing I like about the movie ; see a live-action version of the gadget in action !
 what be miss be a story and treatment which make it funny or charming or interesting.The original be a wacky cartoon with a very lighthearted attitude .
 it be FUN .
 the motion picture become murky and take itself Far too seriously .
 if it have seriously have a great plot or go crazy enough to make it seem like a 'cartoon on film ' it might have be enjoyable.As it exist it do n't deserve to be consider part of the 'Gadget Legacy ' .
 Disappointing and undeniably dull true-crime movie that have poorly cast character actor Jeremy Renner languidly mumble his way through the title role of Jeffrey Dahmer , who be easily one of the last century 's most recognizable degenerates/serial killer .
 release straight-to-video back in early @card@ , 'Dahmer ' be an overtly talky , boring , badly act and virtually bloodless snore-fest of a true-crime drama that never truly delve into the monstrous and demented psyche of the late mass murderer like it have the perfectly good potential to do !
 what it do , however , attempt to do for reason unknown to me be evoke some sort of sympathy in the viewer for the man by portray him out to be what be ultimately a lonely , nebbishy and severely socially inept homosexual loser who be simply lookin ' for love in all the wrong place as oppose to the cold , calculating and depraved sicko and madman that he be !
 overall , @card@ 's 'Dahmer ' be one that true-crime buff everywhere might as well skip because I be not kid when I say that it be one of the bad serial-killer biopics ever do !
 it be even sorry than other pathetic and exploitive straight-to-video trash like 'Gacy ' , 'Bundy ' , 'Ed Gein ' and 'The Night Stalker ' !
 ( Turkey-Zero Stars ) the movie have only one flaw , unfortunately this flaw damage all credibility of the piece.It start with the condemnation of the Israeli occupation of disputed territory .
 it fail to address the reason Israeli be there .
 Egypt , Syria , Iraq and Jordan attack Israel .
 this be why Israel 'occupys ' their land , because those country lose it in a war they started.The film also claim that Israel have defy the U N by not comply with Resolution @ord@ problem be , @card@ be reject immediately upon it 's inception by.....the Palestinian , make it void.Many film be put together well , and can really show footage that change mind , but remember , when watch anything , believe none of what you hear , and only half of what you see.All participant in this film be know critic of Israel , and some have make many antisemitic public comment , remove any possible credibility to their words.All participant be in dire need of a actual history lesson teach objectively , not by some Palestinian sympathizer .
 one night I be wait for my friend to come back to the apt and 'Gymkata ' happen to be on ; I watch way too much of it .
 it be indeed hilarious , and horrify , really .
 think about it this way--if in your job you have an idea for something this bad and go on to execute it in as terrible a fashion as this , how long exactly would you last ?
 not as long as this movie .
 it be a must-see , obviously .
 this review also contain a spoiler of the first movie -- so if you have n't see either movie and want to but do n't want the spoiler , please do n't read this review !
 while this movie be suppose to be about Christian and Kathryn meeting for the first time , the movie be a poor copy of the first Cruel intention .
 the actor that they have portray Ryan Phillippe 's Christian and Sarah Michelle Gellar 's Kathryn be very poor substitute indeed .
 neither can pull off the smarmy , snooty rich-kid attitude that the original actor do .
 it be absolutely appalling that some of the dialog be verbatim -- not so much between Christian and Kathryn , but if you listen closely enough you will recognize it .
 there be also inconsistency in the plot - if this be truly the first meeting of Christian and Kathryn , then why be it that Christian fall in love with a girl at the end of the movie ?
 he supposedly be suppose to be in love for the first time in the original movie ( with Reese Witherspoon 's character).Also , the tie-in with the photography/'You could be a model ' comment at the end be totally lame and do n't add anything at all .
 overall , this movie be a waste of time .
 I ca n't believe they make a Cruel Intentions @ord@ the funny sound that you may hear when you eyeball this execrable version of Jules Verne 's classic 'Journey to the Center of the Earth ' be Verne spinning in his grave .
 the only thing about this @card@ minute opus that have anything to do with 'Journey to the Center of the Earth ' be the title .
 otherwise , everything else in this lackluster production be new and not worth watching .
 in fact , the director have write here at IMDb.COM that he direct only eight minute of 'Journey to the Center of the Earth ' and the studio tack on part of 'Dollman ' helmer Albert Pyun 's sequel to his own 'Alien from L.A. ' with Kathy Ireland .
 evidently , the producer run out of money and to satisfy overseas contractual obligation , they graft Pyun 's sequel onto director Rusty Lemorande 's movie .
 please , do n't rent or buy this wretched piece of garbage.Unlike director Henry Levin 's period piece 'Journey to the Center of the Earth ' ( @card@ ) with James Mason and Pat Boone , Lemorande 's 'Journey to the Center of the Earth ' take place in contemporary time in Hawaii .
 two fellow , a British nanny , and a dog be bring together for the adventure of a lifetime purely by coincidence .
 Richard ( Paul Carafotes of 'Blind date ' ) and his comic book obsessed brother Bryan ( Ilan Mitchell-Smith of 'Weird Science ' ) be go out to explore a cave .
 the heroine , Crystina ( Nicola Cowper of 'Underworld ' ) , work for a domestic service call 'Nannies R U .
 ' be a nanny have be Crystina 's life-long dream , but she have make a less of all five of her nanny job .
 nevertheless , her sympathetic supervisor , Ms .
 Ferry ( Lynda Marshall of 'Africa Express ' ) , send her to Hawaii .
 Crystina 's new client , rock star Billy Foul ( Jeremy Crutchley of 'Doomsday ' ) who be schedule one last concert to revive his flagging career , have a dog name Bernard .
 foul want Crystina to take Bernard to a doggie day spa .
 Crystina be wait on the arrival of her taxi when a careless motel attendant accidentally put the basket that conceal Bernard in Richard 's jeep .
 you see , Foul have hide his canine in a basket because motel management strictly prohibit pet on their premise .
 foul have disguise the dog as a human baby .
 anyway , Crystina catch a cab and tell the driver follow Richard.After she catch up with them to get her dog , the cabbie cruise away and abandon her .
 Crystina demand that Richard drive her back to town , but he have other plan .
 unhappily , Crystina join the guy and they get lose , and then find themselves in the lose city of Atlantis , a police state rule by a dictator , at the center of the earth .
 the ruler of Atlantis repeatedly notify their citizen that life on the surface do not exist .
 our hero and heroine stumble onto Atlantis quite by accident .
 Atlantis resemble a disco and everybody look like they be straight out of a punk rock opera .
 the ruler of Atlantis , General Rykov ( Janet Du Plessis of 'Operation hit Squad ' ) , be orchestrate a raid on the surface with clone of the first human , Wanda Saknussemm ( Kathy Ireland of 'Necessary roughness ' ) , to visit Atlantis .
 predictably , General Rykov machination to rule Atlantis and overthrow the earth fail , and our hero and heroine save the day.'Journey to the Center of the Earth ' be an abomination .
 the movie seem to be a comedy despite its superficial satire about dictatorship .
 Albert Pyun be one of my favorite low budget action director , but he blow it on this lightweight shambles of a science fiction saga .
 Dolph Lundgren brood and scowl his way through this incoherent mystery/thriller that be not nearly as cool as the box would have you believe .
 he be actually quite good here , but the story be a mess of B-movie clich ( detective , revenge , tycoon , hooker , S&M ; ) that look like it be make up as they go along .
 the film pick up a bit in the second half but for a more decent Lundgren flick , rend Red SCORPION instead .
 what a shame that Alan Clarke have to be associate with this tripe .
 that do n't rule it out however ; get a group of lad and some Stella together and have a whale of a time run this one again and again and roll around on the floor in tear of laughter .
 Great waste night stuff .
 Al Hunter home in on a well publicise theme of the late 80s- that hooligan be well organise and not really interested in the football itself- often with respectable job ( estate agent ?
 ?
 ?
 ) .
 but how Clarke can convince us that any of the two-bit actor stray from other TV production of low quality ( Grange Hill ) or soon to go on to poor quality drama ( Eastenders ) can for a nanosecond make us believe that they be tough football thug be laughable .
 be we really to believe that the ICF ( on whom of course the drama be base ) would ever go to another town to fight with just Six bloke ?
 the ICF would crowd out tube station and the like with HUNDREDS .
 Andy Nicholls ' Scally need to be read before even contemplate a story of this nature .
 the acting be appalling and provide most of the laughs- Oldman be so camp it be unbelievable .
 most of them look as though they should be in a bubble of bath of Mr Matey .
 a true inspiration to anyone with a digital video camera who think they can make a flick- go for it .
 *Warning - no plot spoiler ahead , but movie spoiler nonetheless...* My significant other rent this for me think it would be a terrific romance with an all-star cast .
 wow - very , very wrong .
 this movie be an overdo , overwrought , and overly sentimental excuse to theatrically release a student film @card@ year after it be shoot !
 the copyright date on the box say @card@ , yet during the very first flashback sequence I be look at the clothes and hairdo that be suppose to be the early 1960s , and notice that the girl especially be wear late 80s/early 90s dress and hairdo .
 it look as if it have be shoot a good @card@ or @card@ year before the rest of the film !
 I try to convenience myself that it be a flashback , and therefore suppose to look old , but it look WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY more 80s than 60s or even 21st century try to be 60s.. .
 then an adult coworker of the lead character turn up , and he look just like the boy feature in the flashback sequence ( yet it be a different , much old character whose youth be feature in the flashback ) .
 I be completely confuse until I see in the special feature the short film include - it be all the flashback sequence , shoot in @card@ as a complete student film of the same title as this movie !
 it also feature commentary that include the little boy all grow up ( and indeed act the co-worker in the @card@ scene ) .
 thus , this movie be just a shell of story weave around an old , re-cut student film put together as an obvious excuse to get it up to theatrical run time .
 the shell story , shoot in @card@ , be mostly about a man who have lose his wife and find healing and redemption at the dance class that he promise a die man he will attend in his stead ( something about a promise make by the die man in the early @card@ be to his girl that they would meet on the 'fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot the segment around the old film in @card@ ?
 ) these new scene and plot might have be OK except the awful , overly sentimental score that repeat ad nauseum over almost every single new scene and the clichd action that permeate the new movie .
 do n't bother .
 there be a reason why you have never hear of this movie even though it have a well-known cast - it be terrible .
 I kinda like the film despite it 's frenzied pace .
 but , I do not appreciate the comment that Canada be refer to as Montana North .
 it be definitely NOT Montana North and never will be .
 Americans wonder why they be perceive as arrogant in the rest of the world , and that be one reason why .
 stop teach the kid of the United States of America to think they own the planet .
 such a centrist world view be not become of one of the world 's great nation .
 even in jest .
 I would never refer to the USA as 'Alberta South ' .
 Walt would never put us down , so why start now .
 other than that the film be pretty goofy , good luck next time .
 I cringe all the way through this movie .
 first of all , the idiotic plot have little to do with Parson 's own story .
 Hollywood have attempt to create a kind of comedy car chase movie .
 imagine 'Englebert Sings Hendrix'.Do not take anything about this movie to be accurate .
 the name Parsons in the title and steal of his body be just use as springboard for a low budget chase movie , a blatant attempt to grab a few buck from the Parsons legacy and his fan base .
 gram 's father have long since be dead in @card@ , the other global character be fictional , none of this have anything to do with Grams life or death.If you be a Gram fan , I advise you to not see this movie .
 I wish I have n't .
 it be sadden to see something special be treat as such disgrace fodder .
 I will swear I could hear Gram turn in his grave while the movie be play .
 if you be not familiar with Gram 's life and legacy , do not take anything in this movie as be representative of Gram.I can say enough bad thing about this movie .
 if Gram be alive and see this movie , he would kill himself .
 then again , maybe he will be afraid to if he know this movie be to result .
 this be waaaaay to much. .
 so frustrate to watch. .
 I be wait for the whole damn movie to end and to finally get some ANSWERS !
 !
 .
 .
 and what I have have in the end be nothing but a HUUUGE neon-sign question mark above my head !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 I have n't see such a bad acting and such a nonsense movie in a long long time. .
 and what be bother me is. .
 how come someone ( an actor ) read the script of such a bull !
 ?
 #@ movie and say : OK , I'M in !
 !
 !
 LET'S Film This !
 this be horrible !
 !
 !
 this Movie SUUUUUUUUUUUUCKS !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 I just ca n't believe I have spend an hour and a half of my life on something like this !
 !
 !
 we all have see some unending epic in our time , but this one really top them all !
 the movie be so long and so slow , that , just to put thing in perspective , i feel a lot old when i leave movie hall , than I enter it .
 at almost @card@ hour length , it could have rather be make into a tele-serial.What start as a promising comedy slowly lose its pace .
 Nikhil advani have weave the plot around @card@ love story and he cant make justice to any one of them.. .
 there be no interconnection between them to start with , and link show in last @card@ minute just seem to be force to connect the story.Situation be make bad by silly dialogue ( most of them repeat in Hindi cinema over years)and stupid cinematography.Priyanka do n't realise that she actually need to play her role rather than just look glam on screen.. .
 an utter waste of beauty without act skills.And then there be loud-is-humorous Govinda & my-face-twists-better-than-jim-carrey Akshay Khanna who keep belch at the top of their lung to irritate already tired viewers.Only good part in movie be John & Vidya 's love story & nice acting/comedy by Sohail & Isha .
 but they be so good at their role that just these two couple could have justify the movie without jumble it with other bunch of character .
 their brilliance get lose in the midst of other substandard plot lines.My guess - Director be make two separate movies(may be more !
 ) and some beginner assistant mix up all the record , beyond a point of sort them out , so director be leave with no choice to show it all as a single movie...Watch it only if you want to test your patience !
 !
 !
 'Loonatics Unleashed ' be the bad thing that could happen to the classic character create by Chuck Jones .
 the 'Loony tune ' have many spin -offs and different version , some be good ,others not very much .But 'Loonatics ' it be the bad .The concept be stupid and derivative of show as 'The Power Rangers ' and 'Teen Titans ' .
 there be n't any similarity with the original character and the story be boring and poorly make .
 the new design be ugly and the animation be pathetic .
 this show just do n't work .This horrible waste of animation be a complete failure and this should n't have be nothing more than a bad joke .
 lame !
 zero star how this film ever get a @card@ star average be beyond me .
 the script be so banal , and frankly an insult to whomevers life it be base upon .
 the cinematography come straight from the slick world of advertising , and the talented Ridley Scott should be ashamed .
 Demi Moore however , show none a surprise by participate in this film , if one look at her tracklist .
 all in all , a 'high concept ' style film that even Don Simpson would be ashamed of .
 when you look at this now and hear all the language in here , it be amaze this be rate 'PG , ' but that be the 1970s rating system for you .
 Peter Falk spew out the Lord 's name in vain six time in the first ten minute alone in this movie !
 yet , few people consider that offensive , and certainly not the scumbags who make movie nor the people who 'rate ' them.The cast be a clue to how profane this film can be : Falk , Peter Boyle , Allen Garfield , Warren Oates , Gena Rowlands and Paul Sorvino be n't exactly actor you would n't find in 'The sound of Music.'I like heist movie , and a lot of film by director William Friedkin , but this script do n't deliver and it just have way too much of the 'Sleazy '70s ' feel to it , visually and audibly .
 for those who love Falk in TV 's 'Columbo ' it must come as a shock to hear him use as much profanity as he do in film .
 this be far from the only case .
 full House be one of the bad TV series ever !
 why ?
 because all the character be so irritate that it be impossible to bear.The good character be Joey an even he be pretty irritate occasionally.An that girl DJ,who write her character ?
 I want to kill my self every time she speaks.Not to mention when Danny start be with his philosophy.Example : DJ win around ten thousand dollar or more in the casino.However,she be not eighteen so she should n't gamble accord to law.However the casino be ready to pay her the money but then Danny,her father cought be her and do n't let be her raise that money because she be not eighteen.Oh come on,give me a break,will ya ?
 since i have see that stupid and childish scene i instantly turn off the television.Some of the thing be they say in this series not even a child would bought.Who in the world could think that Full House be entertaining and funny ?
 every single word they say in this sery seem be like Shakespeare write it.Except that Shakespere know how to write and except that he would n't be that childish and stupid to write something as stupid as they write in the script for the Full House !
 for everyone who have a bad heart or any kind of bad medical condition or any will for life or any sense of the real world,i deeply recommend 'Do not watch the Full House ' !
 not even one episode as a try out.Avoid this series.Save your self from stupidity and nonsense.This be the bad television show ever !
 I will rather watch Teletubbies then this.'Do not watch this ' .
 this be the only time I ever walk out on a movie .
 year later , I see it in the cable listing and think , 'Maybe I should give it another try .
 ' suffice to say that I be right the first time .
 this rank second only to Godzilla @card@ as the bad movie I have ever see .
 it be difficult to find any positive in this movie .
 seem as though the producer need to make a buck without much effort & hence we be treat to a full showing of Galaxy which be the lame excuse for a movie in history .
 the police girl look extremely sexy in their little uniform .
 more action shot of the two cop & a lot less of Galaxy would have be the way to go .
 of course that would add to the budget so they decide to fill the space with that wretched rerun .
 Ms Albright do excellent look sexy & her acting be first rate .
 Ms stab whom I have hear of but not see on screen before also look very desirable but seem to lack basic acting talent .
 apart from Ms Albright this be real garbage .
 I truly despise this film when i see it at the age of about @card@ or @card@ as I be a huge fan of Robin Williams and nothing he could do be bad .
 until this .
 this complete trash ruin Robin for me for a long time .
 I be only recover recently with his funny but serious part in Fathers day but then he go on to create another mistake , Bicenntinial Man i think it be call but the point be .
 Robin should be get much good job by now and now he have return to perform the slime that originate with this 'classic ' .
 I be always curious about this film because it be so tough to find , so when I stumble upon it on Ebay I fork over the $10 and buy it , now I understand why its so rare !
 this film be so bad , so terribly write and hopelessly low budget that the end credit , which show all of the cut scene where they fumble their line , be literally the movie 's highlight .
 the film be about a psychic ( Pettyjohn , cast for one obvious reason , her topless scene ) whom use her power with an experimental machine to pull object from another dimension into this reality .
 when she pull in some kind of box like object the military nonchalantly throw it into the open back of a truck with one soldier to guard it , and gee , what do you know ?
 surprise !
 a kid in a foam-rubber monster costume pop out , instantly kill the soldier with a scratch across his face , then escape to a nearby city .
 but rather than deploy half the armed force of the county to find it and protect the public those in charge just leave it up to Pettyjohn and Ray to find it on their own , but no matter , this movie blow all its credibility long before then .
 this barely escape be vote a @card@ by me only because of unintentional laugh , somebody need to alert the producer of 'Mystery science Theater @card@ ' if they do n't know about it already !
 @card@ out @card@ , really , really bad !
 oh , for cry out loud , this have get to be the LAMEST movie I have see all year , and I be sorry the normally awesome John Cusack be even involve in this brainless , twitty piece of Stupidity .
 where Sleepless in Seattle deliver what amount to be the same message , albeit on a more subtle , somewhat more mature level , Serendipity deliver it with a sledgehammer , and then proceed to pound it into your psyche for the next tedious hour and a half or so ( and that be an hour and a half of my life I will never get back again , thank you very much !
 !
 ) .
 it be bad enough the main character of this movie have the emotional maturity level of fourteen-year-olds ( actually I have know well fourteen-year-olds.. .
 ) , except maybe for Jeremy Piven , who be enjoyable enough .
 just the first @card@ minute or so of the movie where Kate Beckinsale 's character play that annoy silliness of a game about throw all sensibility to the wind ( literally ) have my good friend and I irritate beyond belief .
 I tell my husband Rockstar have more intelligence , and at least , the character in Rockstar be n't half as dysfunctional as the idiot be in this 'Serendipitous ' mess .
 it be annoy to watch protagonist who seem to have no clue about choice in their life , and feel they be nothing more than puppet to destiny and the whim of fate .
 how utterly tiresome .
 I be sure this movie will be more likely enjoy by those who will rather not engage in the chaotic messiness of make more complex life choice and then responsibly live with the consequence .
 after all , here be a movie where our hero and heroine live happily ever after only after wreak havoc and misery on two other people 's life ( namely their respective fiances ) , not to mention other relative and friend , just to get there .
 same old same old about Che .
 it completely ignore the really interesting fact of Che 's true character .
 Sodeberg redo the same boring narrative of Che .
 the silly seductive tale of an Argentinean rich-boy who be so shock by poverty he become a Robin Hood fight alongside the poor , until eventually he be murder by the CIA .
 yeah , yeah , hear it all before , Boring and UNTRUE !
 .
 the reality of Che Guevara be very different and far more explosive !
 the fact show that he be a totalitarian with a Messiah streak , who openly want to impose Maoist tyranny on the world .
 he be so fanatical that at the hot moment in the Cold War , he even beg the Soviet union to nuke New York , Washington or Los Angeles and bring about the end of the world .
 Che urge Khrushchev to launch a nuclear strike against US city .
 for the rest of his life , he declare that if his finger have be on the button , he would have push it .
 when Khrushchev back down and literally save the world , Che be furious at the 'betrayal ' .
 if Che 's recommendation have be follow , you would not be read this review now .
 how a homicidal maniac become a pop icon would have make a much more interesting film .
 incredible that no filmmaker have be dare enough to show the real side of Che and his posthumous medium transformation .
 that WOULD Make an Oscar WINNING Film !
 I think make independent film mean take real risk and be GROUNDBRAKING !
 they only stick to 'safe counterculture theme ' , to wit , 'Che cool ' , 'Wall Street bad ' , 'Republican= Nazi ' , 'Bush ex Hitler ' , 'NRA be bad than KGB ' , 'Christians be fanatic and stupid ' , etc...ad nauseum .
 Oooh , how daring , how mind blow .
 Tres anti-mainstream and edgy .
 I wish they would have some real cojones and tackle the Independent Film Oligarchy !
 that would be truly daring !
 this movie be absolutly awful .
 I ca n't think of one thing good about it .
 the plot hole be so huge you could drive a Hummer through them .
 the act be soo stuningly bad that even Jean Claude should be ashamed , and that be say alot !
 !
 !
 and dialogue , what dialogue ?
 ?
 ?
 to think that I be a fan of the first one ( I use that comment loosely , its more like a guilty pleasure , than anything else ) .
 this movie have Goldberg in it for cry out loud !
 !
 !
 !
 nothing good can come of this movie .
 what make this film even bad be that it be soo bad you ca n't even watch it with a bunch of friend to make fun of !
 !
 !
 this have get to be in my top five bad movie of all time .
 @card@ because it be soo hard for me to give a @ord@ geez !
 this be one of those movie that you think you previously review but you do n't .
 I mean , you do n't give a crap about it but somehow it come to your mind.To be honest and brief ; this be one of the bad , boring , and stupid slasher ever make .
 I ca n't say anything good about this piece of crap because there be barely decent sequence that could tell it be make by professional film makers.The death scene be horrible , bloodless , stupid .
 the plot be somehow good take in account that it copy 'Popcorn ' from 1991.To make thing even worse , this be n't a movie so bad that it be good .
 it be just plain bad.Molly Ringwald try to do her good but it be n't enough .
 'Her Cardboard Lover ' be Norma Shearer 's last movie .
 she quit the movie and , I think , join the Board of Directors at MGM .
 that be a good move on her part .
 'Her Cardboard Lover ' be talky and boring in part .
 it be obvious there be only a handful of actor with speak part so they have a lot of dialogue to speak to keep this turkey afloat.The story be a good idea about a wealthy woman ( Norma Shearer ) hire a man ( Robert Taylor ) to make her playboy fiancee ( George Sanders)jealous .
 I be surprise that the director , George Cukor , do not cut many of the talky scene between Ms .
 Shearer and Mr .
 Taylor .
 Mr .
 Cukor serve Ms .
 Shearer well in 'The woman ' but not in this movie.The good performance in the movie be give by Robert Taylor .
 during Mr .
 Taylor 's career , he be give his good comedy role in this movie and 'When Ladies Meet ' in @ord@ in @card@ , he give his good comedy performance in 'Her Cardboard Lover ' and , up to then , his good dramatic performance in 'Johnny Eager .
 ' he have a busy year .
 I think of all the actor at MGM , Mr .
 Taylor work with all the major and minor actress on the lot .
 also , MGM give Mr .
 Taylor all type of movie to make - most of them be successful .
 that be why MGM keep him for @card@ years.Mr .
 George Sanders be very good as a socialite heel .
 he play a similar role eight year later in 'All about Eve ' for which he win an Oscar for a supporting role .
 as for Ms .
 Shearer , this be one of her bad performance , she be not funny and too dramatic for this comedy .
 it be strange that she make a great comedy in @card@ , 'The Women ' , and give her good performance .
 it be obvious that she be too old look for her young lead man in 'Her Cardboard Lover .
 ' also , it do n't help that some of her clothes be awful.Too bad she and Mr .
 Taylor do not make another dramatic movie like their last movie together , the superb 'Escape ' .
 the same comment about this movie can be say of another movie , 'Personal property ' that Mr .
 Taylor make in @card@ with Jean Harlow .
 it be too talky , boring , and the actress look old .
 Ms .
 Harlow look ill throughout the movie and nobody in Hollywood notice to tell her to see a doctor , so in @card@ , she die at age @ord@ what a waste !
 she be become a good actress and get good role .
 I do n't think this movie be rate correctly .
 I take my copy and black out the PG rating and write down R. I would NOT recommend this for anyone under @card@ or @card@ , whatever the R limit is.Why ?
 it contain a scene in the jungle with several topless Indian woman .
 I do n't know about you , but that be not something for little child to be watch .
 true , it might be the traditional 'clothing style ' of the African ( ?
 ) Indians , but.. .
 I think partial nudity should give a movie an R rating.I have n't see the movie recently , but I guess otherwise , it be alright .
 this movie be one long chiche after another .
 first of all , though they do their share , there be a unwarranted dope scene where John sniff weed like an idiot .
 the wig and accent be terrible .
 they sound worse then the old Beatle cartoon .
 John be the nasty , envious , closet homosexual , slave to Yoko he be portray as be in the discredited Albert Goldman book .
 they even keep spout song title in regular conversation 'it be always just the Two of U ' !
 John would not have be mean to his fan like this either .
 like his death show us he be too nice if anything .
 the one funny scene be where a dumb Beatle fan only recognize John and ask him to sing Paul 's yesterday .
 an insult John say something along the line of 'Sure and while I croon why do n't you get down on your knee , put on your wife 's wig , and lick my liggin ' .
 that make me laugh for day .
 really this movie be funny in how serious it try to be while come off ridiculous .
 John and Paul also do not sit pontificate all day , they be funny light heart guy who even during the Beatles break up where far more personable then portray here .
 forget it .
 I be all for a 'bad ' horror movie but this be just a pile of dog sh !
 t !
 how anyone can call this movie cool or decent be beyond me .
 if you like rush edit to cover the special effect , bad acting and a bad script then go for it !
 there be no suspense whatsoever and the gore factor be laughable because it be so fake .
 I will take Hostel or Wolf Creek over this pile any day .
 my partner give up after about @card@ minute , she know a stinker when she see one .
 I on the other hand stupidly sit through the whole movie just to wait and see if it get any well .
 no such luck !
 I have n't sen his other movie Torched and I doubt if I will bother now .
 I see this movie about @card@ year ago , and the memory of it still haunt me to this day .
 I be fully aware at how awful it be suppose to be go into it , so I have only myself to blame .
 but like most , I do n't believe all the negativity .
 be a Sandler fan , it just seem inconceivable one of his movie could really be that bad .
 I figure it be just Sandler haters .
 I could n't have be more wrong.What we have here be a comedy that do not contain even @card@ second of anything funny .
 that be actually quite an accomplish .
 you will think in a @card@ minute comedy , they might have accidentally stumble upon something even remotely amusing .
 but no , it be just horrible .
 it be not 'so bad it be good ' , its just bad .
 you can laugh at how bad it be , you can only cry .
 you wait patiently for a joke that will at least make you chuckle , but they never come.Have you see the movie the Ring ?
 where the people watch a video tape and die @card@ day later ?
 if this movie be on the video tape , people would die instantly , by their own hand , and there would be smile on their face as they realize their agony have end , and that would be the first smile since they press play.You might be incline to watch it just to see how bad it be , unable to curb your curiosity .
 do n't .
 please do n't .
 trust me , I be do you a favor .
 there be @card@ type of people in the world , those that think go Overboard be the bad movie ever make , and those that have not yet see it .
 the movie open up with a long single shot of aisle in factory cram with worker .
 My , what we have do to the planet you might think .
 I hope we get to see other thing like this.That be very rare .
 when you be not look at a horribly film angle of the narrator at a lecture hall , you be watch him set up his camera to take picture in different location .
 it will be nice if chose area that be more fitting with his topic but he do n't .
 so , then you will hear some more narration , watch a few picture go by and watch him set up his camera .
 why not use the film camera to show more of the landscape instead ?
 it really kill any sense of pace and paint the guy as more of vain jerk.I could read tip on how someone set up their camera , fast forward through this whole movie and waste a lot less time .
 'A Smile like yours ' be a pathetic comedy that actually make no sense .
 I do n't mean that the story be complicate , but the entire plot be base on one thing : a couple 's desperate and expensive unsuccessful attempt to conceive child .
 people who try that hard must have forget of the option of the adoption , to which this movie be not kind to.Lauren Holly play Jennifer Robertson , a complete contradiction to anything offer by the woman 's liberation movement , exhibit almost no sense of independence .
 she be quite a boring character as the dreamy housewife with absolutey nothing else on her mind but to have kid .
 like a dumb @card@ 's romance comedy , Greg Kinnear be her submit husband who likewise display no personality , no independence , and from us , no interest.They be the two most boring and often annoy character , and they hardly make for topic of a comedy that should present itself with many mishap , which should arise from a couple do all they can to get pregnant .
 except , they really do n't do anything except go to a fertility clinic and shell out a whole lot of money to do what they could do in the privacy of their own ( except for that in Vitro fertilization number ) .
 the plot hardly allow for any mishap , because well , the couple do n't do anything to create any sort of bizarre situation .
 they just go to this clinic .
 so what ?
 the subplot be mean to test the faithfulness of the couple , a necessary moral element of the story since the couple do plan on conceive child together .
 Jennifer work at a new age shop with her friend ( play by Joan Cusak ) , and they be in the business of develop aphrodesiacs .
 Christopher MacDonald play the intrested buyer and Jennifer be the promising negotiator of a pretty price for her and her friend 's product .
 the subplot hardly offer much to keep you interested ( although Joan Cusak be pretty funny in the restaraunt scene).Danny ( Kinear ) be an architect , who find an opportunity to make some extra money to cover the clinic bill , by take on a job in Seattle , where his boss be the crass seductress ( also another hopeless , helpless female character ) who try to influence Danny ( as dumb as he be ) to have an affair with her once thing be conveniently rocky with him and his wife ( for reason I do n't care to give away ) .
 Jill Hennesy be good in the role , but her character be too predictable , and too formulaic as a much needed element to create conflict for Danny .
 it be stupid and once again , hardly interesting.The overall movie itself be utterly boring , and hardly funny at all ( save the restaraunt scene and the airline flight ) .
 the plot offer nothing that be really attention-grabbing .
 even if the story be entirely about two people try to conceive , the writer could have figure out several hilarious mishap to develop out of that .
 second , the main character be completely boring .
 they be complete silouhettes of dumb 1950s comedy with happy wife and clueless husband .
 so , even without mishap present in the plot , the character themselves offer nothing interesting , let alone funny.Joan Cusak should have be in the lead and someone else should have take Kinnear 's part .
 Cusak would have make even a lousy story outrageously funny ( as she sometimes do in her co-star role here ) .
 this be definitely one to pass up .
 I have grow up with Scooby Doo all my life , my dad grow up with scooby doo .
 we have just watch the first episode of the travesty that call itself Shaggy and Scooby get a clue .
 what planet be Warner Bros on allow this shambles to air .
 the character could have be draw well by my young sister .
 the story could have be well write by my @card@ year old twin cousin ( who be Scooby Doo fan too ) .
 Scooby and Shaggy just be n't !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 if anyone but Casey Kasem do the voice of Shaggy it just be n't gonna work folk !
 !
 !
 !
 trust me.This program be disgraceful .
 what be New Scooby Doo be much good .
 why change a winning format .
 bin this piece of garbage and go back to the true Scooby I be not an artistically incline individual .
 I be a science mind woman and I feel that this movie be maybe one of those campy artsy type film on a budget .
 I watch part of it with my fianc and my future step daughter .
 we try very hard to find something in this film to keep our interest .
 my fianc and his daughter vote it off and we move on to Ocean 's 13,but that be another story .
 not to be deter I awake the next morning and give the movie another shot .
 I begin again watch this movie in earnest .
 I just do n't get it,I think I would get it.I think the funny part be the flush of the ash and the urn find a spot by the fireplace be use as a vase for what appear to be dead flower .
 interesting and still it have dead stuff inside .
 it be an odd and bizarre movie .
 maybe this be what they be after,however I wo n't be trick a second time !
 I could n't bear to sit through he entire movie .
 do family like this really exist somewhere ?
 there have be many comment describe this family as akin to LLBean model and such , and I think that that be a great description of how they behaved.More absurdly unbelievable writing/acting occur as we meet a character refer to in High School as 'pigface ' who , of course , have grow into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year Harvard-educated plastic surgeon ( but only to do good in the world-not for the money , ) and she bed Steve Carrel on the first date .
 that be when I quit watching...If you can completely suspend your disbelief for two hour , then perhaps you will enjoy this sentimental , self-indulgent waste of time .
 I totally disagree with those comment which say this be a good movie .
 this be a totally SUCKED movie .
 I mean SUCKED - S.U.C.K.E.D. The story development be strange .
 Mia Kirshner change from an innocent girl to a party-fun seek chick for no convincing reason at all .
 in addition , all the actress look way too old for be college student - College student look like about @card@ year old - you figure out the rest .
 I watch only about first ten minute and start fast forwarding to look for sex scene .
 all the sex scene be lame , hasty and , most importantly , no frontal at all .
 all the sex scene be laughable , consider how many clothes they have on .
 do yourself a favor - put it down and save yourself a few buck .
 conclusion : story - @card@ , sex - @card@ , Acting - @card@ , Score - @card@ out @ord@ if you want an undemanding and reasonably amusing hour or so , then it be OK to watch this .
 it be not all that bad , really .
 yeah , it have get more lapse in logic than I care to describe here and might tax the patience of people - like myself , I have to admit - who be incline to throw thing at the TV on occasion , but it be funny at least .
 just because it be not always intentionally funny , there be no need to let that get you down.However , if you have read the book - or any of the other book by Brookmyre - then you will probably best avoid it .
 I have read them all and when I first watch this film , I despise it .
 I have trash it in detail and at great length on another site , in fact .
 the TV plot bear practically no relevance at all to that of the book and serve only to outrage and infuriate many faithful ( and admittedly rabid ) Brookmyre fans.Best bit of advice. .
 ?
 watch this , then read the book and only THEN make your comparison and submit your judgement .
 this be a really stupid movie in that typical 80s genre : action comedy .
 Conceptwise it resemble Rush Hour but completely lack the action , the laugh and the chemistry between the main character of that movie .
 let it be know that I enjoy Jay Leno as a stand-up and as a talk show host , but he just can act .
 he be awful when he try to act tough - he barely manage to keep that trademark smirk off his face while say his one-liner which , by the way , be n't very funny .
 and see him run ( even back then ) be not a pleasant sight .
 in addition , I have a feeling that Pat Morita - at least by today 's standard - do n't give a very politically correct impression of the Japanese .
 do n't even get me start about the story .
 I give it a @card@ out of @ord@ this be the bad movie I have ever see Billy Zane in .
 I understand that this movie be mainly to showcase the new comer , who do pretty good for newbies , but over all , the movie be not believable.With all of the gunfire , you would think the police would have intervene .
 even the coin be a bug on Sean be stupid .
 the way Sean suddenly realize the coin be the bug , be not realistic.Looks like this movie be slap together fast .
 poor job .
 get a good writer.The count down to the end be not in sync with anything .
 it take longer to fight .
 and what a coincidence that each time Billy be go to blast Sean , he will be out of bullet .
 once , I can believe , but not twice.Actually , Billy 's character be goofy .
 it be so stupid when Sean punch him out at the end .
 it be like a comedy .
 bad !
 bad !
 bad !
 I can believe how bad this piece of garbage be !
 I want my $3.99 back !
 word defy description of this poorly make piece of crap !
 the dubbing in no way shape or form align with the actor 's mouth .
 the movie look like it be film with a @card@ 's vintage camcorder .
 I have shoot good movie with my cell phone camera .
 the gore be laughable due to the silly unbelievable plot .
 the acting be what one would expect if you call all your friend over on a Saturday afternoon and proceed to get completely rip , then try to put on a play in your garage .
 do n't get me wrong...I be n't expect O'Neil and I love Zombie movie , but the production value be so low in this film as to make it unwatchable .
 avoid !
 I really want to like this movie because the critic have be unkindto it ( to say the least).. .
 but it be terrible .
 really terrible .
 Badlyacted , a witless script , cack hand direction.. .
 watch this film waslike watch a car crash- you want to look away but you keep staringbecause you want to see how messy it be go to get .
 well , the car iswrecked and there be no survivor .
 on the plus side , the cinematographywas nice , make me want to go on holiday , if only to cleanse myself fromthis unholy well , i hate knock up , i despise 40-year-old virgin , and this little gem be a worthless piece of trash movie .
 do yourself a favor , and skip it .
 i admit , i do n't like the actor in this movie , and after my 18-year-old son show me the cover of the DVD , i be like , 'i would n't like that movie , ' but at his insistence , i decide to give it a try , unfortunately.about two minute into the movie i turn it off , i be so offend .
 it be just disgusting .
 any decent person would be offend by the filth in this movie .
 call me old fashion , but shove your pussy juice-covered hand into your friend 's face so he will know you 'got some ' be over the line of decency , in my opinion .
 yeah , that be how this putrid little film start , and i can only imagine it get much bad from there .
 another real winner for Mr .
 Rudd .
 i bet he be proud as punch .
 imagine if you could only get worthless role like he get , would you stay in movie ?
 despite the pay , i wouldn't.i should have know well ; next time i will .
 the return be one of those movie for that niche group of people who like movie that bore and confuse them at the same time .
 Sarah Michelle Gellar play a lame buisnesswoman who do not kill vampire or get naked at all throughout the movie .
 I be willing to put up with this , however I be not willing to put up with the bad edit ever combine with pointless flashback .
 at the end it turn out she crash her car into herself when she be young .
 or maybe I be wrong and that be just a flashback .
 with this movie it be impossible to tell .
 can you believe the same dude who make Army of Darkness produce this crap ?
 a much good idea be to stay at home and watch Army of Darkness on Sci Fi channel .
 that movie have it all : slut , zombie and a dude with a chainsaw for an arm .
 the Forgotten do n't even have one of these thing .
 Dont let the MPAA fool you with their 'Rated R for extreme violence ' there be definatly no extreme violence in this boring peice of s*t .
 I expect some cheap Rambo @card@ type action that the trailer promise , however its just boring boring nonsense with ton of lame slow mo flashback that make no sense .
 avoid !
 finally i thought someone be go to do justice to H.G. Wells 's classic , not another version set in the wrong locale or era , but one base firmly on the book .
 well it definitely follow the book pretty closely , and that be the only plus to this mess.This be @card@ Min be ( yes @card@ hour ) long , the book be only around @card@ page .If Timothy Hines have the nerve to come on here and say 'if you can do any well ... ' i would say 'yes , i could ' and i have never use a video camera or be to any sort or drama school in my life.I pay good money to get this crap over to the UK from the USA , do not make the same mistake as me .
 hmm , IMDb rating of @card@ , good comment , bla , bla ... okay , two of my friend and me , we orderd Pizza , sit down and want to see something as cool as Ichi or at least something brainless but funny like Versus .
 but Naked Blood suck .
 it be a complete waste .
 okay , the scene with the woman who like to eat be quite outstanding .
 but that be it .
 nothing more , nothing less .
 I wo n't summerize the plot , other people do already , I just want to stop the hype .
 but watch it and rate for yourself .
 maybe we can push the rating where it sould be .
 one more thing that come to my mind : the soundtrack be even bad than Carpenter ever be - okay , John 's cool ... : ) @card@ I do n't know where to begin .
 Tara Reid need to be stop before she be put in another movie .
 Stephen Dorff look like he get his character 's motivation from Val Kilmer in 'Top Gun ' .
 Slater sleepwalk through this dreck .
 the direction , edit , sound ( do we really need a heavy-metal video in the middle of a gunfight ?
 ) , costume ( bulletproof vest with muscle on them ) , and hey , there be no discernible plot either .
 it amaze me that no one attach to the project stop and say , 'hey guy , this just do n't make any sense , let be start over ' .
 Hopefully Slater 's career can rebound from this disaster.Hands down the bad film I have ever see .
 the original movie , man from Snowy River , be one of the good I have see , nearly perfect .
 a Lady and the Tramp storyline in two senses--rich girl/poor boy , and ability vs .
 bloodline .
 the sequel , however , be not only a shameless attempt to capitalize on the good name of the original but also a ridiculous , overblown Disneyfied mess well summarize as 'Rambo Meets the Black Stallion .
 ' without the charm of the Black Stallion .
 the young hero come back from a 3-year absence , and suddenly he be superman on horseback ; in the original , good film , he be real and believable , but sadly reduce to a caricature in the sequel .
 I have hardly be as disappoint in a movie , and at time this thing make me quite angry--they miss hardly a clich .
 brazen audience manipulation--do studio head think that all you have to do with a horse-loving audience be put pretty horse in front of them , to make them happy ?
 a mess of a movie .
 the original 'les visiteurs ' be original , hilarious , interesting , balanced and near perfect .
 LV2 must be a candidate for 'Worst first sequel to a really good film ' .
 in LV2 everyone keep shout , when a gag do n't work first it have repeat another @card@ time with some vague hope that it will eventually become funny .
 LV2 be a horrible parody of LV1 , except of course that a parody should be inventive .
 if you love LV1 just do n't see this film , just see LV1 again !
 !
 the Japenese sense of pace , edit and musical score must be different than American taste , but surely this movie could have be so much more with a little more post production work.Someone in Hollywood need to re-make this movie and I think it would be a big hit .
 the story be interesting and creepy .
 there be something about the edge of the city , gritty policeman , earthquake , sanitarium and mysterious saltwater killing that be enough to be captivating .
 however , this story have to make just a little bit of sense and maybe be about @card@ minute shorter.I do have to say that the 'sixth-sense ' effect be in full force in this movie , and that be evident from the very beginning.As it stand , only the die-hard Japanese film lover should bother see this oh-so-boring movie .
 have read some good review about this film I think it be about time I go and see it .
 well I do n't know why I bother .
 basically this family be entrust with a clue that lead to a whole big stash of ancient treasure , hide by the Knights Templar during the War of Independence .
 apparently it have to be keep out of the hand of the British at all cost .
 firstly , why do say Knights move the treasure from Europe to America ?
 how do Nic Cages character figure out that 'Charlotte ' be in fact a ship ?
 how do they figure out all the clue and riddle in about a minute ?
 and how could two people suddenly become master thief and steal what be probably the well guarded bit of paper in the world ?
 these be just some of the plot hole in this inane bit of Hollywood action go wrong .
 Cage have be in some great action movie - 'Face-Off ' and 'The Rock ' - so why have he lower himself to this ?
 be he get too old ?
 !
 his character be pretty annoy really - somehow this 'ordinary ' guy steal the Declaration of Independancd , outrun thief with gun , escape from the FBI and generally seem invincible .
 the whole film do n't really make any sense and all in all it be quite a disappointment .
 this movie have beautiful scenery .
 unfortunately it have no plot .
 in order to have a plot there must be a conflict .
 this movie have none .
 it spend two hour paint a beautiful scene and fail to ever place any activity in it .
 the picture try to be artistic but fail to pay attention to the fundamental of story telling.If you love Montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just do n't expect a story .
 there be n't one .
 an very good storyline , good thrill to it ... but the @card@ last second destroy the whole movie.. .
 what happen ?
 extremely well make and an good story destroy in the last seconds.. .
 sorry to say but a @card@ in vote.. .
 thats what it it deserve , i would think that Chris Shadley could come up with a well end.. .
 but maybe next time : ) all this meaningless blood gore for nothing ?
 the end would lift the story to close to a @card@ , but it didn't... .
 the end destroy the whole story , i think most people be n't lame and when they go a movie thy want a good end , even if it be intricate ... but the only lame here be the end.. .
 sorry this movie be the beatliest Mormon movie make yet .
 it make the Rm & Sons of Provo look like well do film !
 it be suppose to be funny from what I be tell .
 the good part be the good actor in the movie-Travis Eberhard-if he be n't in the movie it probably would n't have be make !
 he rule !
 @ord@ it be n't funny @ord@ it be beat @ord@ it have Thurl Big T Bailey , who be character make no sense @ord@ it be make in Provo @ord@ it do n't make fun of Brokeback @ord@ it have Larry H. Miller in it @ord@ it be the 1st movie Clint Howard be n't funny in @ord@ Gary Coleman choose the perfect movie @card@ a comeback @ord@ they should have cast at Surreal Life audition @ord@ it be make by Halestorm Entertainment !
 !
 this be one of the bad movie ever make .
 trite .
 predictable .
 Flat.The only thing that rate one point be there be a few nice scene highlight Barcelona .
 I imagine they would use film like this in Guantanamo or some other hidden CIA/NSA prison to torture suspects.Often bad movie have some redeeming feature , this have nothing .
 if I be in it or work on it , I would change my name .
 truly a turd .
 hard to write more than this , but I feel the world 's film watcher need a head be up on this .
 on the other hand it will make a great gift for people you ca n't stand.You could send it to politician you dislike , in law , ex-wives , Teachers you hate , former employee , Dick Cheney , W. , and a host of other .
 okay , if you have a couple hour to waste , or if you just really hate your life , I would say watch this movie .
 if anything it be good for a few laugh .
 not only do you have obese , topless native , but also special effect so bad they be probably outlaw in most state .
 Seriuosly , the rating of 'PG ' be pretty humorous too , once you see the Native Porn Extravaganza .
 I would n't give this movie to my retarded nephew .
 you could n't even show this to Iraqi prisoner without violate the Geneva Convention .
 the plot be sketchy , and clich , and dumb , and stupid .
 the acting be horrible , and the ending be so painful to watch I actually begin pour salt into my eye just to take my mind off of the idiocy fill my TV screen .
 this U.S soap opera , 'Knots Landing ' have all the entertainment value of be trap in an elevator .
 every episode contain plot such as rape , murder , kidnapping and drug smuggling , not much different to the plot of other drama show of the period .
 as for the cast , I have see good actor on a cereal box .
 from the mid to late '90 be , repeat of 'Knots ' stink up U.K-Gold like a mountain of mildew nappy .
 I regret to announce that I have to suffer this as my mother be a huge fan of the show and would watch it religiously .
 though since then , re-runs have be few and far between ( let be hope it stay that way ) .
 the only positive thing that can be say of 'Knots ' be the catchy saxophone signature tune , later use as the title music for the I.T.V sitcom , 'The Upper Hand ' .
 great legacy that , eh ?
 this movie be traditional bollywood fare as far as the star power , sentimentality and love triangle of emotion .
 what really bother me about this movie be the maker ' absurd notion of surrogate mother .
 a whore who conceive a child with someone after have sex with the man ( of the family desire a child ) be not a surrogate mother .
 neither be she a good candidate for a surrogate mother .
 I have see Indian movie and television show that make @card@ to @card@ year ago that deal with this issue more intelligently .
 the whole concept of the movie be ridiculous and absolutely implausible .
 I realize that most bollywood movie be n't mean to be plausible , but they do n't pretend to be either .
 this movie want us to emote along with the character , but this ca n't do with such a ridiculous , contrived conflict .
 I would have expect good from Abbas and Mustan .
 this film be terrible .
 OK , my favourite film be 'The Wicker Man ' ( @card@ ) , so I be always bind to be a little biased.The plot ramble along , throw out enough of the key element of the original to make the term 'remake ' highly dubious .
 ( he be not a virgin , but be allergic to bee .
 wow !
 ) so many thing happen that make no sense and be unexplained , which I be afraid Mr LaBute do not a horror movie make .
 ( how be two people we clearly see blow up in a car at the start alive and well at the end of the film ?
 ) Cage look haggard and bewilder throughout , and his character be prone to call out 'Rowan !
 ?
 ' at the slight noise .
 the 'nods ' to the original be irritate as they come off as tacky rather than as intelligent homage .
 for example , certain incident mirror the original ( the girl fall out of a cupboard pretend to be dead when Woodward/Cage be search the island ) and several line of dialogue be pluck straight from Anthony Schaffers original screenplay and shoehorn in.I be sure other will provide a good and more detailed analysis than this , I really ca n't be bother to write any more about this film .
 it lack any kind of substance .
 throw it on the scrap heap with all the other remake that have sully the good name of the film they be 'based ' on ( in this case very loosely ) .
 so there be an old security guard and a guy who die and then there be Kevin , the world 's big wuss .
 Kevin want to impress his incredibly insensitive , bratty , and virginal girlfriend AMY .
 as he return from work to.. .
 a random house.. .
 he find his 'friends , ' the sexually confusing red-shorted Kyle and the truly revolting sluttish Daphne .
 they be soon join by Daphne 's boyfriend , the trigger-happy sex-crazed macho lunkhead Nick .
 and there be the title creature , horrid little dogeared puppet who kill people by give them their heart 's desire .
 Kyle 's heart 's desire be to mate with a creepy , yucky woman in spandex .
 Nick 's heart 's desire be to throw grenade in a grade school cafeteria-- I mean nightclub .
 Kevin 's heart 's desire be to beat up a skinny thug with nunchucks .
 Amy 's heart 's desire be to be a disgusting slut .
 Daphne be already a disgusting slut , so she do n't have a heart 's desire .
 along the way a truly hideous band sing a truly odd song .
 the hobgoblin randomly go back to where they come from then blow up .
 'Citizen Kane ' can hold a candle to this true masterpiece of American cinema .
 if this be a @card@ product from one of the big production house of Indian Film Industry ( Yash Raj ) then I be afraid it be a very long ahead for us to reach the right standards.If you can go wrong to this length with such an enormous star cast of Anil , Akshay , Saif and Kareena , then movie making be still to be study much harder by everyone associate with this film .
 the film lack in almost all department except cinematography and Akshay Kumar .
 he have a few good dialogue to render but that alone can make you enjoy a flick with huge expectations.The first scene of a car go down into a river from the mountain have very cheap graphics like that of a cartoon film .
 that itself be a clear indicator of the director 's vision .
 every actor who otherwise be an asset to a movie be simply waste .
 Anil Kapoor 's gimmick of attempt good English fall flat most of the time .
 and Saif will surely hit himself think why he sign this movie.In short IT'S THE BIGGEST Waste of RESOURSES AFTER 'JHOOM Barabar JHOOM ' .
 I would say that even 'Aaja Nachle ' be a well enjoyable movie than this.One can understand how and why this kind of script be write and approve .
 the most unwanted be the flashback sequence of Akshay 's love story .
 after the faulty script the weak point of the movie be its music .
 Vishal Shekhar have give just some filler tune to each song .
 the song start off very well and suddenly the tune drop drastically .
 only one song 'Falak Tak Chal ' be somehow good of all in the lot .
 an opportunity waste by Vishal Shekhar.Regarding the continuity intelligence of the maker just sample this : Akshay and Saif be on the road in the hilly area of a foreign Location ( probably Ladakh ) .
 in the next scene they be search for Kareena in Haridwar and then back in the hill with Kareena in the dicky of their car .
 I be still think who write this.If you manage to sit till the last then the climax be too long with silly and unnecessary stunt .
 you can see all the hero walk through the storm of bullet not hurt as if they be GOD .
 be we still see a @card@ movie with all these technical height achieve ?
 so no more word on this pathetic and downgrade movie but a sincere request to senior actor from their fan.Dear Anil Kapoor & Akshay Kumar , if possible please ask for a preview of your movie after their first copy be out .
 as artist of such stature , you have certain responsibility towards your fan and viewer .
 people still clap for you as you enter the screen in your first scene respectively .
 I think this kind of movie should not see the daylight as it hamper the reputation of all associate with the movie , the actor and the production house both .
 I would n't give this movie a rating , it be not worthy .
 I watch it only because I be a Pfieffer fan .
 I love her and would watch anything she make .
 even in this dud , she do n't disappoint .
 every scene with her in it , keep the viewer watching...waiting...for something to happen but nothing ever do .
 it have some good story line but they end abruptly as soon as it start .
 some of the other character have potential but nothing become of it.Pfieffer be @card@ when she make this film and at her most lovely .
 the wardrobe and set be surprisingly good.I can watch mostly anything and rarely come across a movie I ca n't find something to like about it , but this be a dud .
 I do n't understand.The bad thing about it all , it have a big cliff hanger at the end .
 it have an end scene that wake you up and say wow , this film be finally go some place , then the credit roll .
 good grief.I agree with the review that say @card@ would have buy @card@ can of cat food and watch my cat eat would have be more exciting .
 well say .
 actually , that comment be more entertaining than the film because it sum it up so well .
 I too waste @card@ cent on this dud.dud.dud .
 you can never have see either film and still know that the Jerk Too be a disaster .
 the question be not , 'How do it get make , ' because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film , they will do so.No .
 the question be 'Why , oh why , do Steve Martin allow it to be make ?
 ' I think he need the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and be determine it not cost him anything .
 he know the sequel be go to be so frightful , that out of pride , he would n't even count it 's royalty as income.The only way this sequel could not be an embarrassment be to have have Carl Gottlieb and Steve Martin revive the nation 's favorite poor black family.And 'dcreasy2001 ' ( aka Mark Blankfield ?
 ) : it be just transparently obvious that you work on this film in some sad capacity , and the only way you can feel good about your involvement be to be the sequel 's lone cheerleader as an IMDb user comment .
 I be pray for you to veer over into satire , but alas , you be really make an effort at spin .
 why not @card@ star ?
 this have to be one of the bad movie I have ever see .
 this movie have nothing positive about it .
 some of you people actually like this movie !
 I have see a lot of Dracula movie and I have like everyone that I have see , but when I see this movie I say to myself , 'What the hell be this ?
 ' what a stupid movie .
 now they have Dracula become who he be because he be Judas .
 for those of you who do n't know who Judas be , he betray Jesus Christ and then feel so guilty he hang himself .
 you have to be kid me .
 that be the dumb reason I have ever hear for why Dracula become evil .
 who ask for a reason anyway ?
 what a piece of sh** this movie be .
 who ever come up with this sorry excuse for a movie should be beat .
 even the Dracula be horrible .
 if you ever see this movie you would n't even think it be Dracula .
 wow , Dracula @card@ !
 be that title suppose to impress me ?
 do n't waste your time or your money on this trash .
 I be recently online look at a site that feature public domain movie .
 in their long list of film be this film and I think I must be hallucinate at such an offensive title and premise .
 but , no , that be really what it be .
 and since the film be only about @card@ minute long , I decide to give it a try .
 if it have turn out to be some porno movie , I would have stop watch .
 instead , it turn out to be the most bizarre film I have ever see .
 the Danish production crew try , with a budget of about $49 , to make a Star Trek-style film about a crew of very gay man travel about the galaxy wipe out female oppression by kill all the women--like they proceed to do on the earth !
 and in every case , they be meet with cheer and thanks from the now gay man of the planet.Subtle , this ai n't .
 with some of the most obscene and juvenile name of character I have ever hear , I do n't even think I can write them on IMDb without have my review remove !
 however , despite the utter crappiness of it all , it be strangely watchable and worth a peek .
 but , as I mention already , due to the crude name and odd subject matter ( though no nudity ) , it be a film for adult only.By the way , this movie leave me with @card@ question as to who would make this , why make it and who be the intended audience ?
 !
 it may not be the absolute bad thing I have ever see , but it probably be the weird and possibly the most offensive !
 the American Humane Association , which be the source of the familiar disclaimer 'No animal be harmed.. .
 ' ( the registered trademark of the AHA ) , begin to monitor the use of animal in film production more than @card@ year ago , after a blindfolded horse be force to leap to its death from the top of a cliff for a shot in the film Jesse James ( @card@ ) .
 needless to say , the atrocious act kill the whole entertainment aspect of this film for me .
 I suppose one could say that at least the horse do n't die in vain , since it be the beginning of the public wake up to the callous and horrendous pain cause animal for the glory of movie make , but I ca n't help but feel that if the poor animal have a choice , this sure would n't have be the path he would have take !
 I really wish that when make a comedy , the people actually try to make it funny .
 this be a film that you can sit through , but nothing be special about it .
 after watch it , you will say that it be alright .
 it be not boring to watch , but give the audience no joke to laugh at .
 Entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o.k. story .
 this movie want to be 'Tootsie ' , but instead it failed.I give it a @card@ out of @ord@ this movie be a perfect example of an excellent book get ruin by a movie .
 Jacob Have I Loved be quite possibly the bad film that I have ever see .
 there be no storyline , plot disappear , and the edit be awful .
 to top it all off , the music be straight from a synthesizer and sound unbelievably terrible .
 Bridget Fonda 's acting be decent , but everyone else be act be totally amateur .
 I would suggest this movie to someone who be study to be a producer as a study on how not to produce a movie as it be chock full of bad cut-scenes , bad transition and acting that should have be re-shot !
 read the book and do n't waste your time with this film .
 it be interesting that all who ( so far ) seem to like this film have no expectations--I guess that be the trick .
 in contrast with them , I have optimistic expectation , and that be a mistake .
 as soon as I see how close to the face the camera always be , I know we be in the hand of an extremely amateur director--that be always a clear sign of them , they think it be arty or effective or intense to hold the camera about two inch away from the actor .
 the actor in this film , though , have only one facial expression each.If the close camera be n't enough , the lack of light in the film kill it .
 the film seem to be entirely film in the dark .
 so now we know that the cinematographer be a rank amateur , as well .
 'Ooh ooh , we be go to light the set with a flashlight !
 that will make it all seem intimate !
 ' no , that make it all seem invisible.On top of the serious technical flaw , there be absolutely no story beyond the bare hint of an idea that be never develop , and nothing new about this kind of relationship be illuminate .
 ( perhaps this be a new kind of film for Germany , but in Los Angeles , forget about it.)The fact that this film win a couple of film festival award do n't indicate the quality of the film , but besmirch the quality of these particular festival .
 I can assure you that this film wo n't win anything in the festival where I see it .
 in fact , two time during the film it seem that it be finally over and people start to get up to leave ( this be one of the side effect of the cinematographer 's 'total darkness ' technique ) .
 but when the film shudder on , instead , there be moan come from the audience .
 and once the movie finally DID end , it be clear that it have n't matter if it actually have end at either of the two early point .
 an early ending would have save the audience from yet more monotonous scene of domesticity ( folding sheet , cut vegetable , spread honey on bread ) .
 yeah , we get it , the life of the lonely old man be boring-- but we figure that one out at the very beginning.I recommend that audience miss this one , it have absolutely nothing to offer sophisticated movie-goers .
 wow , I love and respect pretty much anything that David Lynch have do .
 however , this movie be akin to a first filmmaker 's attempt at make a pseudo art video.To give you a couple of examples:1 .
 David Lynch be typically a visual filmmaker , however , this have little visual artistic content ( blank wall , 'up shot ' with ceiling in the background)2 .
 David Lynch typically take great pride in audio , however , in this you could even hear the video camera 's hum.In fact , it be very hard to swallow the idea that he have anything to do with this movie .
 unless......this be a joke , on David 's part , to force fan search his website ( for hour ) only to find this drivel .
 I hope so , because at least that idea be funny .
 I like Brad Pitt enormously .
 he be an actor with brain and wit , not to mention face , pectoral and all the rest .
 since I see him in 'Thelma and Louise ' a thought have be bother me , who do he remind me of ?
 'Troy ' do it for me .
 he be the new Brigitte Bardot .
 the difference be obvious of course .
 male , American etc but Brigitte Bardot come to mind nonetheless .
 he be so beautiful that he be at his most effective when he play against it .
 'Kalifornia ' '12 monkey ' 'Fight Club ' 'Snatch ' his self deprecate humor make him human , almost accessible .
 fortunately 'Troy ' will soon be forget .
 only still photograph with Pitt , semi naked in ravish sprint position will decorate the wall of legion of salivate fan .
 strange , 'Das Boot ' be one of the great film of the second part of the 20th century .
 what be Wolfgang Petersen do direct this ?
 well , I suppose it would be very hard to say no at the chance of work with the new Brigitte Bardot .
 this may be the bad film adaptation of a Broadway musical ever .
 even the music have be destroy .
 Attenborough know nothing about theater - almost every shot and moment ring false .
 I will say , though , that it be almost bad enough to be funny.The hairstyle be remarkably date .
 I can not for the life of me understand what be mean ( conceptually ) by open the film with an exterior of the theater where 'A Chorus Line ' be play .
 be we to think that these people be audition for 'A Chorus Line , ' which contain the story about the people who be audition ?
 oh no , the show be collapse on itself.I see the original production , and have listen to the album hundred of time .
 why , oh , why , do they do this ?
 what a boring film !
 to sum it all up , its be basically just Nana Patekar beat up his daughter-in-law Karisma Kapoor , while she try to flee from the village , with her son .
 can someone say Boring ?
 ?
 ?
 the concept be n't too bad , but it be poorly execute .
 the Canadian locale , and some of the village scene be nicely shoot .
 however , overall the cinematography come up short .
 the story could have be great , but the movie just seem to drag on .
 there be only so much stupidity a person can take , let alone three bloody hour of it.The good part of the whole movie be the song 'Ishq Kamina ' , and that be only five minute long .
 other than that , this movie be a piece of crap .
 there be a remark that one of heroine be rape on 'drunken rampage ' by Russian soldier , which be completely untrue .
 this movie should not be show only because of this.Also there be a statement by someone , that KGB prosecute 'Jews , Gypsy etc ' , which be 'worse than Nazis ' .
 KGB be look for so call 'zionist ' agent , who be ( KGB believe ) imperialist agent .
 this be totally different from target Jewry as a whole nation , as Nazi do .
 Gypsy be never prosecute .
 KGB be political tool and use politically , but from internationalist standpoint .
 Communists really do not distinguish between nationalities.Whole movie stink like fake .
 main hero do not speak Russian , sign in Berlin contain typographical error , KGB general look totally phony .
 some so call 'russian proverb ' be totally make up , and list go on and on.Not recommend to watch - this movie be full of lie , and phony stuff .
 go to 'Good shepherd ' instead .
 ...and you can look at that statement in different way , by the way .
 first of all , it be a mess because of all the gruesome and extremely violent scene .
 your wild imagination do n't even come close to some of the explicitly show scene here .
 entire part of this movie be just plain sick , disgusting , offensive , brutal and they bring you close to puke your gut out .
 now , I love horror movie and I be very 'pro-violence ' , but I do think that it have to lead somewhere !
 !
 be that too much to ask ?
 cradle of fear be just a series of utterly sick and twisted thought .
 the 'movie ' contain out of four separate chapter connect by a wraparound story .
 this result in endless showing of torture , murder and sickness only to find out that the victim have something in common .
 not very informative , if you ask me .
 and yet - it have to be say - the basic plot idea surely have potential .
 it be about a cannibalistic hypnotist who make a deal with the devil himself to avenge himself and cause misery and death to everyone who be involve in his trial .
 personally , I think that be an interesting topic , so they should have focus on that a little more instead of want to create the most disgusting movie ever.Secondly , the whole production of this movie be a mess .
 they do n't have much of a budget and they spend it all on fake blood and guts...Tons of it !
 !
 the acting performance be a joke and some of the bad I have ever see .
 any other special effect besides the make-up look very amateurish ( like that attempt to a realistic car crash , for example ) .
 there be no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere...not even an attempt to build up one.Cradle of fear be a failure and a miss opportunity to say the least .
 with the presence of death-metal icon Danni Filth ( from the band Cradle of filth..get the link ?
 ) this movie be obviously only mean for the eye of twisted teenager who try to be controversial .
 troubled girl and boy who take pleasure in worry their parent by watch crap like this .
 and then people keep complain that the amount of suicide and juvenile delinquency be increasing...Bah .
 I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you be easily influence or dispose of an unstable mind .
 for every self-respecting horror fan , this movie be an insult .
 I have be willing to put up with a lot from late-spring/summer action fluff movie , but in general that have be due to the fact that most of them have reasonable payoff ( i.e. cool special effect , interesting plot twist , comic value , Steve Buscemi , etc .
 ) .
 this movie , however , have none of this .
 all that we get be the cheap thrill of several minute of Eva Longoria 's cleavage ( an issue of Maxim be cheap than a movie ticket ) .
 there be an embarrassing lack of plot , suspense , back story , character development , continuity , etc .
 I would get into specific , but quite frankly I have already-maybe willingly-forgotten most of the movie.The entire time I be in the theater , I be kick myself for not just spend the afternoon watch a @card@ season on DVD .
 save your money on this one , folk .
 unless you really , really , really like Eva Longoria 's cleavage .
 to movie,this movie feel like one of those after school specials,only low budget and low everything else.i guess this be suppose to an inspirational movie of some sort,but it do n't work for me.yet some how it come across as preachy.it have very pale shade of Flash Dance,but so what ?
 there just be n't any excitement in this movie.the dialogue be contrived and clichd to death.of course,the whole movie feel like a bad @card@ 's clich.the acting be less than stellar,though that have a lot to do with what the actor be given(or in this case-not)to work with.on top of that be the poor song choices,with really bad lyrics.i feel embarrassed for all the actor involved.they be all talented,but you ca n't tell from this movie.this be just my opinion of course,but i have to give Flying Aka dream to believe a @card@ Lorenzo Lamas star as Jack ` Solider ` Kelly an ex-vietnam vet and a renegade cop who go on a search and destroy mission to save his sister from backwoods redneck .
 atrocious movie be so cheaply make and so bad that Ron Palillo be third bill , and yet have @card@ minute of screen time , and even those be n't any good .
 overall a terrible movie , but the scene with Lorenzo Lamas and Josie Bell hang from a tree bag and gag be worth a few ( unintentional ) laugh .
 follow by an improve sequel .
 I be completely baffle as to why this film be even like , let alone hold in such high regard , especially by so many critic who be , otherwise , quite sensible.There be one key word which describe this film to its core - irritating.The most easily explain example of this be the director 's use - or , more accurately , abuse - of music .
 in the first half , a really dull reggae tune be play about three time ( when once be too often ) .
 but in the second half , the Mommas and the Papas 'California Dreamin ' ' be play at least seven time , usually at top volume .
 Godsakes , whether you like the song or not beforehand , you will be thoroughly sick of it by the end .
 just think , some people claim to have see this film four or five time .
 this mean they have listen to California Dreamin either @card@ or @card@ times.....All of this needless hyper-repetition ( it contribute nothing to the story ) could possibly be excuse if the remainder of the film have any linger merit , or if the story be in any way involving.But it ain't.The only aspect I find likeable be Bridgette Lin be charge around and still play Asia the Invincible in a raincoat and sunnies .
 even this wear off fairly quickly.I be sure this film 's undeserved high reputation will convince many poor sucker to go and see it.I can only warn you - if you have never see a HK movie before , do n't start with this one.If you feel compel to watch it , avoid at all cost see it in a cinema .
 the fast-forward and mute button be essential tool for survival here.You have be warn !
 I have be read the review for this movie and now I wanna kill my self .
 I do n't wanna live in a world where people find this move or Rob Schneider funny .
 what be wrong with these people .
 I be not angry at Rob Schneider because he have the intelligence of a dead cat .
 I watch this film in disbelief .
 who would pay money to make this ?
 ?
 this film be so bad that its painful .
 most bad film be funny because they be crap .
 the Animal be just disgusting !
 !
 !
 watch this film and if you like please for all of man kind kill your self .
 we do n't need you .
 I want to raise money to get Rob Scheider off all movie .
 if someone kill Rob Schneider they should be give a Nobel peace prize .
 most movie I can sit through easily , even if I do not particularly like the movie .
 I be the type of person who recognize great film even if I do not like the genre .
 this be the first movie I could not stand to watch .
 cat in the Hat be the bad movie I have ever seen--and I have see a lot of movie .
 the acting be okay ( Myers be good as the cat , it be just that he be really annoy ) .
 the silly song the cat sing be boring and monotonous , even for the child in the audience .
 the plot drag on and on , and viewer must suffer through poor dialogue .
 the 'witty ' parental remark be disgusting , not funny ( I remember some awful comment about a garden hoe be compare to , well , a type of person people call a 'ho ' ) .
 even though the movie be really short , it seem to last FOREVER .
 do not waste your time .
 I know small kid who hate this movie .
 if child ca n't stand it , I do not know how any adult can .
 I would like to fume more about this film but I do not even feel like waste anymore time write this review about it .
 I hate it !
 so , in summary , do not spend @card@ minute of your life watch this !
 see a Good movie !
 @card@ stars--the low review I have ever give a movie .
 this move be on TV last night .
 I guess as a time filler , because it suck bad !
 the movie be just an excuse to show some tit and ass at the start and somewhere about half way .
 ( not bad tit and ass though ) .
 but the story be too ridiculous for word .
 the 'wolf ' , if that be what you can call it , be hardly show fully save his tooth .
 when it be fully in view , you can clearly see they have some intern work on the CGI , because the wolf run like he be run in a treadmill , and the CGI fur look like it have be wax , all shiny :)The movie be full of gore and blood , and you can easily spot who be go to get killed/slashed/eaten next .
 even if you like these kind of splatter movie you will be disappoint , they do n't do a good job at it.Do n't even get me start on the actors.. .
 very corny line and the girl scream at everything about every @card@ second .
 but then again , if someone ask me to do bad act just to give me a few buck , then hey , where do I sign up ?
 overall boring and laughable horror .
 I suppose it be for Temple Matthews who write basically a remake even though there be few change which just make it bad .
 spoiler : it be much similar to the original .
 Melody , Ariel 's new daughter be threaten by Ursula 's sister , Morgana .
 Morgana escape , but keep her promise to take Melody away from them .
 do Ursula have a sister ?
 !
 and she be not that great a villain as Ursula be .
 this be where there be similarity .
 Medoly be keep from the sea until Morgana be capture , but she do n't know a thing about it , because it all happen when she be a baby .
 a wall surround the palace to keep her in and morgana out .
 she go under the wall day to day to have a swim and talk with Sebastian , who be not as funny or fun as in the original .
 she find a seashell with her name on it and run away from home and to look for answer and find Morgana .
 here be a similarity ; Morgana trick Melody , make her happy by turn here into a mermaid .
 meanwhile , Eric , Melody and King Triton look for her .
 to stay a mermaid she need to steal the trident from Triton .
 so Melody do , because she do not know King Triton be her father .
 she make friend with a penguin and a walrus and here be where it be awful .
 the penguin who live with them in an icy ocean , hate them because they be coward .
 so they try to prove they be hero and fail .
 that do not suit the little mermaid .
 and the dialogue during those conversation between the penguin and those two character be ear-bleeding .
 you know why ?
 because the first have a great story .
 this one be not and be not magical .
 it be just an example of how bad many sequel are.Melody find them and they help to take her to Atlantica to prove themselves .
 when they take the trident , Ariel find Melody with Morgana .
 Melody be angry at her mother for keep her from the sea so she give the trident to Morgana , then she show her true colour once she grab it .
 Poor Ariel and Melody be in her custody .
 the penguin and the walrus begin to prove themselves when they fight Morgana 's shark friend .
 sorry I do not mention him earlier .
 they finally prove themselves .
 Eric , King Triton and his soldier arrive but be force to bow down before Morgana by the power of the trident .
 Melody take it , throw it to Triton and he ice Morgana ( literally ) .
 then Ariel apologise to Melody and think it be all her fault .
 it be not !
 Ariel do the right thing to protect Melody , but they never say so .
 Triton offer Melody to live in sea or land .
 she in fact have a 'better idea ' .
 she use the trident to vaporize the wall so human and mer-folk can be together .
 then everyone sing an awful song .
 the END.Whoever have see it and like this obviously have not see the original .
 I do not dislike this because I be a teenager .
 I like it when I be very very little .
 then as I grow old I begin to see what be bad about this film .
 young , young kid will enjoy it , but it be likely that when they be in primary school , they will forget about it .
 normally I would think I over-judged a film and it be well than I remember when I watch it again , but not this one .
 it be even bad .
 story be no exception .
 if you think , by read this that the story be good , read more of this comment and you will know the other bad point : well , you know the story now .
 I be sorry for spoil it for you , but I have to point out some bad part of it .
 one of the bad thing be the animation .
 colour be awful .
 the original have beautiful colour .
 watch this almost make me want to go blind .
 even the illustration and landscape design be not good .
 the original have beautiful , magical colouring and beautiful underwater landscape design and for land as well , make it a joy to watch.The music be unbearable .
 compare to the first , the music here be crap .
 song be not that well compose and Tara Strong ( I think that be her name ) who do Melody can not sing .
 she at time either sing too high or do not keep track for the melody in the song .
 so much for have 'Melody ' as a name.And the music be not at all beautiful or move .
 little Mermaid @card@ win an Oscar for it and it truly deserve it .
 this one deserve a razzie award for bad musical score in a sequel if it would exist.I do not like the voice .
 several people who play character from the first , do the same one in this .
 Jodi Benson be a great singer , but now that she be old , no offence to her , her voice be too deep and not so beautiful anymore .
 and I be really disappoint in her and other who be in the first for be a part of this .
 if I be choose for this film , just by read the script , I can tell it would be a bad film .
 the character be different now .
 Ariel be more wise now , but annoy .
 they overdo her character , make her too mature .
 in sequel you be not mean to change the character unless it be for a special reason .
 she be sixteen in the first .
 there be little chance she change .
 that be the stage when you become the person you be go to be for the rest of your life .
 Screenwriter should think of that .
 they should think of the character.Well , I suppose that be it for me .
 I hope you find my comment useful , because I be sure a lot of you will agree with my point of view .
 be I not with friend , and so cheap , I would have walk out .
 it fail miserably as satire and do n't even have the redemption of camp .
 this movie be the bad I have see in the last @card@ year .
 it be surprising how brilliant actor like two main character in this movie have accept to act in such worthless peace of trash .
 the film be rape/beating and revenge genre .
 couple have go to party and on the way back they hit a deer and he go out to finish it when a jeep full of bad guy come .
 he do n't go to their car , instead he have be kick and well beat while she try to run the car engine which betray her and she have be gang raped.Then somehow she be in her father house and one of bad guy be her neighbor so she take shotgun and want to kill him.. .
 so stupid scenario !
 Bellow Hollywood !
 he be against that revenge but 'She be rape ' 'They laugh to her ' so she must kill them all.. .
 but once inside the house she be satisfy by push rifle 's top in bad guy anus and go away while he have go crazy and execute bad guy .
 personally I think that director run out of money before finish this because movie end before they execute anyone else involve in this gang-rape and beating which be not big surprise because sponsor obviously have see this and want to take back his money .
 LoL this movie be not even for people who enjoy watch rape because they wo n't see anything they be look for.. .
 this director should be banned...It be for upset that this peace of trash have be make by British cinematography which I personally like and that be the reason I have watch this .
 do n't do it yourself you have good thing to do that watch stupid scenario film ... this be a very bland and inert production of one of Shakespeare 's most vibrant play .
 I can only guess that the intent be to make the play as accessible and understandable as possible to an audience that have not be expose to Shakespeare before .
 by do this , though - by make every line clear and every intent obvious - they have drain the play of life and turn it into a flat caricature .
 somehow , it be actually boring - a very hard feat give such wonderful material.The acting be forgettable at good - Sam Waterston as Benedick and Douglas Watson as Don Pedro .
 other , however , do not fare so well .
 April Shawnham 's Hero be a pouty , breathless airhead that frequently provoke wince .
 Jerry Mayer 's Don John be a nonsensical cartoon character on the level of Snidely Whiplash ( though Snidley be much more enjoyable).F .
 Murray Abraham ( you know , the guy who kill Mozart ?
 ) be not in this version , unless he be in disguise and have his name remove from the credits.Given that the producer , Joseph Papp , be basically a theater god , this production be not only disappointing but head-scratching as well.Do n't bother with this .
 watch Branagh 's Much Ado instead - his version be overflow with vitality and humor , to say nothing of wonderful performance .
 I have some time to kill before watch football so I see this movie be offer on the scifi channel and it literally after watch it I think I have encounter my version of mentally walk the Bataan death march as my conscious be beat into submission by the awful movie which rip off the Mummy series and Jurassic Park .
 it be so bad that I think the opening credit be the highlight of the movie and then it go into such a abysmal descent that it make the recent drop in the stock market seem like a hiccup .
 the act be so bad that I be hope that one and all would be bury at the end .
 the lead by Casper Van Dien make me long for the high caliber act of Steven Seagal in 'On Deadly Ground ' as his line reading be so wooden that Woody Woodpecker be think of make a cameo to sit on his shoulder .
 I also notice that his emotional range be so limited that I be under the impression my kitten be more expressive when ask for popcorn to eat .
 the direction be so abysmal I look back yearning to my nephew 's grade @card@ play recital which have more pace and good vision and the fact that this movie seem to be have splice together from afterthought of the aforementioned movie franchise it can not even be think of as a homage .
 the FX of the movie be so bad that I think the director and producer be enviormentally friendly by recycle cheap special effect from grade Z horror flick from yesteryear .
 what Robert Wagner , Tom Bosley and Geoffrey Lewis be do in this movie be beyond me and they should look at litigation against their agent for misrepresentation for get them involve with such a dreck of a movie .
 my warning to one and all be watch this movie at your peril as this movie may cause your IQ to diminish with prolonged viewing .
 on a side note I notice at IMDb that sometimes salary for movie be publish I be wonder if their be a way that actor that should give the salary back for their poor performance in such movie .
 beware and be safe avoid at all cost .
 this movie be awful .
 at the end of it you will realize that several hour have be steal from your life that you ca n't get back .
 the 'twist ' ending be very contrived .
 the character development lead up to this ending be not consistent with their final action at the conclusion .
 ninety minute of preparation-- with the premise that the Rob Lowe character will die on Christmas Eve-- be explain away in literally ninety second of 'No we be just trick you .
 ' then the Rob Lowe character be not even upset about it !
 'I will forgive you if you can forgive me , ' be as upset as he get .
 if someone take week to convince me I be about to die and then say 'No , sorry , just fool you ' I would raise some serious hell .
 I do n't feel bad about give away the spoiler because I might be able to save some of you out there from watch .
 please save yourself and DON'T WATCH This Movie .
 how low can someone sink while try to recapture an old glory ?
 ST:HF will be glad to show you.If you be use to see what make for a good Star Trek show , do NOT watch this.The writing be hodge-podge , the actor ' portrayal of their character weak , and most of all , the design work be downright doggy.Like watch strong captain , do n't look here !
 like the strong Federation attitude ?
 forget about it here !
 Starfleet be mock by ensign wear Spikes in their hair.While a seemingly mentally feeble captain shuffle about and within two minute of the opening show 's credit , Ensign Spikey be attempt to arrange a tryst with an engineer .
 it just degrade from there .
 no , not even uniform match , for goodness sake .
 they be too small or too big , collar down to their chest , and TNG Seasons One and Two uniform mix in with Season Three and DS9 uniform .
 the strict discipline and tradition of any of the original in lack in this production down to the tread !
 the only good thing about this show be its graphics , which seem to improve a bit with each season .
 OK , I take that back .
 who use CG that inexpertly ?
 the designer of this show.Do n't bother with it , it will offend your Star Trek sense , as it do mine .
 not even the throw back to previous show can save this catastrophe.I weep openly when i watch this , probably because my eye be bleed and my head almost rupture .
 that bad .
 i be rarely move to make these kind of comment But after sit through most of Rankin 's dreadful movie i feel like i have really earn the right to say what i feel about it !
 i could n't actually make it right to the end , and become one of the half dozen or more walk out ( about 1/3rd of the audience ) after the ragged plot , woeful dialogue and insulting characterisation become just too much to bear .
 this film be all pose and no art .
 all style and no substance .
 it be weigh down by dreadful acting , a genuinely dire script , indifferent cinematography and student-level production value .
 how it get fund , start , and finish be a mystery to me .
 i bet you a million quid it never go on general release .
 the proper critic would tear it apart .
 a really bad film .
 shockingly bad .
 a really really really poor effort and that be without even mention the gratuitous new-born-kitten-gets-dropped-into-a-deep-fat-fryer moment .
 totally meaningless , utterly lightweight , poorly put together ; this movie be a dreadful embarrassment for Uk cinema .
 a plot that fizzle and reek of irreconcilable difference in opinion constitute a judgmental havoc with one side pro-life and the other a destroyer of a demon 's seed .
 the horror be leave out and replace with an overall dull effect quite possibly mean to be horrific , but , instead demonstrate an ill dose of belief which ridicule each other to death , despite the title itself .
 be a fan of Masters of Horror since the beginning , this ridiculous plot twist with it 's sordid depiction crash apart like a spindly old rock chair after be sit upon .
 I view this episode as be throw together from the get go , never really take off anywhere other than to see it through for what its worth and relieve when it finally come to 'The End'. .
 if you be a layman interested in quantum theory and string theory , read 'The Elegant Universe ' by Brian Greene of Columbia University , and 'The universe in a Nutshell ' by Stephen Hawking of Cambridge.Recipe for #$* !
 @card@ part bombastic New Age pontificator , @card@ part pseudoscientist , @card@ part real scientistMix together until ingredient be indistinguishable from each other and spread on celluloid thin enough that there be no discernible substance.Serving suggestion : barf bag .
 this movie be one of the bad movie I have ever see .
 there be absolutely no storyline , the gag be only for retard and there be absolutely nothing else that would make this movie worth watching .
 in the whole movie Fredi ( oh my god what a funny name .
 ha ha ) do n't ask himself once how he come from a plane to middle earth .
 there be plenty of stupid and totally unfunny character whose name should sound funny .
 e.g. : Gandalf be call Almghandi , Sam be call Pupsi ... and so on .
 I do n't even smile once during the whole movie .
 the gag seem like they be make by people whose IQ be negative .
 if you laugh when someone 's coat be trap in the door ( this happen about @card@ time ) then this movie be perhaps for you .
 another funny scene : they try to guess the code word for a closed door ( do n't ask why- do n't ever ask 'why ' in this movie ) and the code word be ( ha ha ) : dung .
 so if you laugh at this example you might like this movie .
 for everybody else : go to Youtube and watch 'Lord of the Weed ' : it be a lot , lot more fun .
 first , IFC run Town and Country , and now this .
 the difference between that stinker and this Pink Panther rip-off be that Town and Country be watchable .
 this isn't.I can only surmise that the cast sign up for this so they could goof off in Europe on somebody else 's dime .
 Belushi be especially irritate .
 his scene with Candy ( do a Z-grade Dom DeLuise ) be torture .
 speak of torture , five minute of the talentless Shepherd , and I bet the prisoner at Gitmo would crack like walnut !
 the real 'Crime ' ( besides this being green-lighted ) be Shepherd 's character : a mousy wife who take a Monte Carlo casino for a half-million buck !
 if you buy that , I have some oceanfront property in Arizona you might be interested in !
 this really should deserve a 'O ' rating , or even a negative ten .
 I watch this show for age , and the show jump the shark around series @ord@ this episode , however , be proof that the show have jump the shark .
 it be write be lazy , absurd , self-indulgent and not even worthy of rubbish like Beavis and Butthead.It be quite possible to be ridiculous and still be fun -- Pirates of the Caribbean , the Mummy , Count of Monte Cristo -- all 'fun ' movie that be not to be take seriously .
 however , there be such thing as ridiculous as in 'this be the bad thing I have ever see .
 ' and indeed , this be the bad episode of Stargate I have ever see .
 it be absolutely dreadful , and this come from someone with a stargate in her basement.Makes me want to sell all of my stargate prop , most seriously .
 be this mean to be a comedy or a serious drama ?
 this film start with a light-hearted banter between three woman .
 fine .
 it move into a conflict between the woman when one of them meet a man .
 fine .
 there be a few antic between them .
 fine .
 but when the plot thicken and finally become black I start to wonder whether I have misinterpret the first part of the movie .
 it continue in this vein for a while until , in the end , it try to go back to the original light-hearted banter .
 but by now it be too late .
 it be hard to see why these woman would still be talk to one another and the finale be unconvincing .
 truly a lesson ( for British filmmaker anyway ) of how not to make film .
 difficult to see how the producer ever convince themselves this film would work .
 and the box office prove it to be a real flop , because I have never hear of this film until this weekend ( four year after its release ) .
 almost Golden : the Jessica Savitch STORYAspect ratio : 1.33:1Sound format : StereoBland , soap-opera dramatisation of the rise and fall of America 's first female TV news anchor .
 with a tight script and direction - and a good cast - this might have pass muster , but the flimsy story really be n't worth the effort .
 a good documentary on the subject might have be the good way to go .
 typically strong production value in the TV movie conveyor-belt manner , but it be all as superficial as old fluff , and just as engaging .
 this be kind of a weird movie , give that Santa Claus live on a cloud in outer space and fight against Satan and his minions...but it be still kinda fun.It have some genuine laughs...whether all of them be intentional be certainly debatable , though .
 this movie be not good , but I can say I really enjoy watch it.I would recommend this movie over 'Santa Claus Conquers the Martian ' , 'Santa Claus ' with Dudley Moore and John Lithgow , or 'The Santa clause ' with Tim Allen .
 I have see it .
 it be not 'good ' but interesting in an understate way .
 the boy in it be quite naturalistic but................the graphic/gratuitous final gang rape scene be repugnant and -oh yes- the arbitrary insertion of second world war footage be offensive in the way it attempt to compare real horror with this misogynistic contrivance .
 real atrocity be real- this film be just atrocious .
 however , the film have a look which can draw you in .
 but it seem to me that be the 'Emperor 's New Clothes ' , but in fact in reverse .
 the film look good , but the direction , story , content and final feeling you take away from this film be vacuous .
 if a feeling can be vacuous-this be it .
 I usually check out the MTV movie award to watch a witty , entertaining show that deliver a unique award show ( Chewbacca win a life-time achievement award as example ) .
 so this year be no different .
 while I be not a fan of Justin Timberlake , Seann William Scott have always be funny-albiet stupid-to me .
 I have laugh at Stiffler in both American Pie movie , and even enjoy him in Dude where be my car ?
 .
 but the MTV movie award be simply horrible .
 nothing be coherrent , humorous , or entertaining .
 Justin Timberlake should stick to sing and dance ; he sure as hell ca n't act.I be curious as to who the writer be for this show .
 last year 's performance by Jack Black and Sarah Michelle Gellar be extremly funny ( the Lord of the Rings parody alone be worth watch the entire show ) , but this year be completly different .
 do anyone understand Timberlake 's comment regard Luke Wilson and Kate Hudson ( 'They be stare in a movie together , but have never meet !
 here they are.. .
 ' ) where be the joke ?
 Kate and Luke just go into their lame dialogue , never make a reference to the 'joke ' by Timberlake .
 and Seann be completly waste as a talent , not even cause me to smile , yet alone laugh .
 and what be the point of Harrison Ford 's one-liner ?
 do they make ANY sense to anyone ?
 perhaps the MTV writer figure the young viewer would only know the age Ford as Han Solo , Indiania Jones , or the President from Air Force one .
 I be baffle .
 and would someone tell me the deal with Adrian Brody ?
 how old be this guy and how old do he THINK he be ?
 the guy look @card@ , try to act @card@ again....give it up , show some class ( like in your good actor academy award speech ) and act your age !
 I give this show @card@ star out of @card@ , simply because of the speech by Gollam for Best Visual Performance .
 this be very creative , extremely well do , and cause the only genuine laugh of the entire evening .
 this movie be portray in the trailer as a comedy .
 it be an extreme tragedy .
 it leave me sick to my stomach .
 I hate it .
 I think if they want to make a movie like this than they should be man enough to reflect the true intention of the movie in the trailer .
 I would not have see this movie if I would have know .
 I think the trailer should reflect the theme and intention of a movie .
 I be tired of it .
 I really want to have a fun comedy and I be extremely disappoint .
 it have be several day now and I still have a bad taste in my mouth from this movie .
 I have never be more disappoint in a movie , nor have I ever write a comment on a bad movie .
 I really think that true deception be involve in this trailer because if they show the true intention of the movie , no one would have see it .
 this movie probably have some potential for something ; my bewilderment be how these utterly prosaic unfunny theme keep make it to theater , it be as if idea be be recycle just because generation be .
 truly the decerebrate oaf behind most film be like dog , they return to ingest their own vomit .
 well , they be @card@ buck rich now because of me .
 this be not at all imaginative , there be no redeeming moment , anything remotely funny be show in the trailer ( and nothing amusing be in the trailer ) , performance be strain ( especially Molly 's , totally unconvincing ) .
 what be theoretically suppose to be some comic relief be the homoerotic friend with a penchant for Disney film ; none of his analogy hit home , his little moral speech be flat , I be literally wait for them to go on to say something meaningful , only to find out he be do .
 the so-called 'hard @card@ ' be the most insipid plastic creature there be ( apart from have a horse-like face with a weird smile ) ; I honestly find her friend Patty ( refer to as the Hamburglar ) to be much well look than her .
 but then again , gentleman prefer brunette ; ) well , anyway , the whole premise be that society be superficial and if love be true it transcend all social facade ; the way they show this , with a dude shave another be scrotum and the million-times-mutilated-and-beaten-to-death-horse premature ejaculation routine ( with obvious allusion to American Pie and Happiness - the latter in the disgusting scene denouement involve the family dog ) .
 I feel as if the movie be like adjoining ridiculous joke into an unformed wretched ball of raw sewage .
 go to show marketing can push anything out there , shine whatever fetid mass and call it gold , people will come ( work for me ) .
 do with tirade .
 I actually have hope for this movie since I have see Kari in a few other thing and think she have some talent .
 alas , this dud be a case study in what not to do in a screenplay .
 completely undefined character without a shred of likeability , and no plot whatsoever .
 be it a road/buddy/comedy/thriller/romance/drama ?
 the filmmaker do n't have a clue , and neither do we .
 when I be @card@ I see the documentary : 'A Funny Thing happen on the way to the Moon ' .
 I actually like , and believe in it for a couple of year .
 but then I grow up , and begin to think , and when I have seek more information .
 this be : more info from reel source , and non-biased source .
 when I start at university , not so long ago , i ask an assistant-professor in astronomy about these conspiracy theory .
 what he say shock me : he say that all those theory where lie .
 that baffle me , I do not believe it first , but then he present evidence for his claim .
 he quickly debunk most of the theory about the subject : 'humans do not go to the moon ' .
 the most outrage claim be that the Apollo-craft could not travel through the Van-Allen-radiation-Belt , without the crew perish from radiation .
 the truth be that the Americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation-alloy .
 it be not that well-known .
 and the exact specification be a secret .
 and why be it a secret : well , why should they reveal it back then ?
 ?
 if they where in a space race with the Russians , then it would be VERY dumb to reveal that they have new technology that could shield crew against radiation.And then there be the big evidence of all : the Moon Stone .
 when the Apollo-missions DID go to the moon , they bring back many rock from the moon , to give to geologist and similar scientist , who be document all thing about the moon .
 these rock and stone be in FACT From THE Moon .
 because : the internal basic element , which all matter consist of , be also make of special isotope , that be different from quarry to quarry , land to land , and especially planet from planet .
 the isotope of these rock and stone have be proved , that they do not come from earth .
 the astronaut bring home hundred of Kilogram 's of these rock , all of them have be prove to have come from outside earth , and from the same planet .
 ergo : the moon-landings where not fake .
 NASA do go to another planet : the moon , though it be not a planet , but a satellite to a planet , a moon ( duuh ) .
 these rock have be distribute to laboratory and university all around the world .
 it have be prove : human do go to the moon - it be a fact , pronto.But I do not worry : most conspiracy-theorists be generally unemployed and uneducated , that be mostly why they do not know or lie about these fact .
 the fact remain : human do walk on the moon .
 there should be a rule that state quite clearly that movie like Resident Evil be suppose to be make in the spirit of the game , not in the spirit of blow up everything possible .
 re be a survival horror game , and a damn effective one at that , yet Paul WS Anderson manage to make it like any other video game movie to come along .
 alone in the Dark be essentially the same kind of a spirit as Resident Evil , so of course , there be the slight hope the director will manage to have some piece of a brain enough to make a horror movie and not an action movie .
 instead , Alone in the Dark just prove that there be no long hope for video game become movies.The plot , despite the fact that it obviously be n't suppose to matter , be the large of many problem with the movie .
 the movie start with what can only be describe as five minute of scroll text that may or may not be important , as after a minute pass , the audience stop caring and just sit through the rest hit the object close to them .
 then there be something about an orphanage , some artefact , an ancient tribe , some bureaucracy and some demon , all of which get so jumble together that the viewer really ca n't follow with what be go on .
 character move in and out of the plot like candy , some have huge build-up for meaningless death .
 basically , what I can understand be that some demon get release , and Edward Carnby ( Slater ) have some link to them thank to some operation give to child in his orphanage which have fail on him .
 he find an artefact involve the demon and bring it to an ex-girlfriend anthropologist ( Reid ) , who of course he manage to have sex with right away for no good reason .
 then , out of nowhere , all hell break loose , and the pair end up with a military team lead by some asshole commander ( Dorff ) , who apparently have a mutual hatred for Carnby.It 's all ridiculous , and the reason I do n't really understand it be n't just because it be complicate and jumble , but it leave no room for anyone to really care .
 instead , I highly recommend that , if you must see this film , bring a tennis ball or something to occupy yourself when the plot manage to bore you into confusion.The action scene in a movie with a plot as terrible as this should at least bring it up a little , right ?
 too bad , this movie be like any other ruin crap ever make , with enough quick cut to behead a coop of chicken .
 consider that this be base on a horror game , not an action game , it be especially annoying.The first action scene involve a man chase Cranby from a taxi be among the bad I have ever have to witness , and the rest be n't all that great either .
 the demon look somewhat cool , though the fact that they turn into powder when kill take away all that effect .
 scene involve lot of gun which should be cool to watch instead involve the muzzle fire as the only source of light and the camera zoom and pan faster than the head of a crack addict .
 it be all the kind of seizure induce crap that keep child in bed at night.The acting be what I like to call take actor and make them do nothing .
 Slater do nothing but sound important for the whole movie , though he do seem to have more talent than he be let on .
 the same be true of Dorff , who get a thankless role despite actually have some talent ( something that have happen to him a lot ) .
 Reid be pretty much exactly what she should be , background sex appeal , as whenever she try to act it be a disaster ( as be the incredibly bad scientist look she have in the beginning).In all , this be the type of movie that worry me about future video game movie .
 if they keep ruin the spirit like this , it be only a matter of time before Samus Aran be kill Middle-Easterns with an AK-47 and Tommy Vercetti be fight a squadron of alien .
 unlike Resident Evil , however , this one do n't deserve a second chance , as I do n't think anything could possibly help me forget just how terrible this movie be .
 it be bland , uninterest and unexcite .
 this be the movie equivalent of diarrhea ; it be all throw together , nothing really fit and , in the end , you be just glad it be over.TOTAL : @card@ % i like Jane Austin novel .
 I love Pride and Prejudice and sense and sensibility book and movie , and I be half way through Mansfield Park .
 but i could n't stand Emma .
 I give up on the book after @card@ chapter , and by the end of the movie i could n't care less about Emma .
 she do n't seem to change at all .
 maybe it be Paltrows acting ( which as excellent in Se7en ) or my lack of interest for the movie .
 Dunno.The costume be nice , but the dancing be clumsy compare to Pride and Prejudice dancing by Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle.I give it a @card@ basically for the fact Knightly be bloody gorgeous , and although it as a rather patchy performance for Ewan McGregor , i like his singing .
 I suppose if you like endless dialogue that do n't forward the story and flashy camera effect like the scene transition in the television show _Angel_ , you will enjoy the film .
 me ?
 all I want be a nice , tight little story , and it be n't there .
 the pace be practically backward , plot point be bury under a sea of unneeded dialogue , and there be absolutely no sense of dread , or tension , or ANYTHING.Is it the redneck ?
 be it the Wendigo ?
 no , it be a cameraman on speed .
 that be not scary .
 it do n't generate a single note of tension or atmosphere unless you be scare by MTV .
 like those reviewer before me , I too notice that by the end the movie invoke derisive laughter from the audience.Terrible film .
 this be one of the bad movie I see !
 I dunno what be the reason for shoting suck a crap .
 do n't waste your time watch this .
 good actor , but extremely bad screenplay and dialogue .
 hope there will be no Blanche @card@ :- ) Avoid this movie by all mean !
 this be simply put , the bad movie I have ever see .
 it range from like 2+ hour , and the box art be totally mislead .
 my friend and I rent it because , we think it would be a poor man 's @ord@ you know , to laugh at and make fun of .
 no .
 there be nothing funny about this movie , only pain .
 then , the movie start up , and they be speak some sort of different language .
 we think , 'Oh its just the beginning .
 ' but no , from there the movie plummet and become more of like a super boring book you have to read in grade school , where nothing literally happen for hour , and the battle scene rival those of @card@ kid fight on a playground .
 omit Cinematography , and this movie belong in trash compactor .
 movie like this will lead to the world we see in Wall-E , which by the way be a good movie .
 this be complete and absolute garbage , a fine example of what a Bad movie be like , this ca n't be appealing to anyone , not even B-movie fan .
 do not , I repeat , do NOT waste precious time of your life on this piece of trash .
 bad acting , bad directing , horrible ( but I mean really horrible ) script , and complete lack of an idea as to what entertainment ( of any form ) be .
 I buy the DVD for @card@ dollar , I swear I could almost pay someone to take it .
 burn it would not be enough for what this movie do to me .
 I like b-movies , the killer toy , the weird lagoon monster , but this be nowhere near .
 you know those movie that be so bad they be funny ?
 not even .
 just plain old pathetic .
 the viewer leave wonder why he bother to watch this one , or why , for that matter , anyone bother to make it .
 there be no plot - just random scene of ridiculous action .
 Mia Sara 's shower scene appeal to the male libido , but that be not much reason to make a movie .
 I understand want to make a movie that be edgy and different .
 I understand the previous reviewer comment that this be a miss-understood movie .
 my point be as soon as this movie end my first comment be : ' this be what happen when a rich princess want to be a movie star and have no talent'.....she use daddy 's ' money to make a movie she write , direct , and pay for.....obviously to close to the movie to realize there be no character development and no direction such as a beginning , middle and ending.....the voyeur part be good and edgy but what be the point ?
 I see a woman go to a house , find some picture , screw the caretaker , come out side on a very cold night ( not believable ) to check on noise and run over her caretaker lover....movie ends......some one educate my ignorant arss ?
 ?
 I really want to know what the point is....what be the director ' vision.....why no development of the dead lover ?
 why no background on the caretaker ?
 what be the point of the night vision ?
 what be the point of the lipstick on the car ?
 why a dead caretaker ?
 why tell us about an escape mental patient/peeping tom ?
 what be with the urn ?
 oh and the lamp be that suppose to signify whose ' house this be ?
 territorial ?
 why ?
 why would the caretaker feel like it be his house ?
 that aspect be never pursued......as for William Defoe...I rent this movie because he be in it and know for edgy characters.....write back and do tell me what I need to learn....I be just a mom in middle America who love movies....Chris... .
 this be the WORST movie I have ever see !
 Molly ( molly hall ) could not act AT ALL !
 she have no emotion it be all blah blah blah like she be read out of a boring text book .
 the smart kid and the kid who love food ( there name be n't worth remember ) be so annoy it drive me crazy.When ever the talk it be about some scientific thing or food .
 Molly Dad do n't show enough emotion about his daughter miss .
 the police officer and Molly dad say the same thing like four time .
 it be just horrible .
 everything be repeat way to much .
 Beatrice should have have something bad happen to her for be so mean .
 I just waste a moment in my life by watch this movie !
 the 'Trivia ' page on IMDb claim the filmmaker protest because this film be re-cut by the studio to 'simplify the plot ' .
 if so , that effort be a total failure , as this be one of the most incoherent narrative I have ever see in a film -- I will hate to have see it before the plot be 'simplified.'It be sad to see Warren with so little character to go on that even he ca n't do anything with the inept material .
 it be interesting to see Caron in '70s mode instead of her Hollywood-era glamour garb and persona , but it be sad to see her haplessly wander through this doing-a- favor-to-her-producer-husband dreck .
 she would actually later hook up with and marry the director , instead -- who , you will note , never direct anything again , but do strictly 1st or 2nd A.D. work in TV from here on out .
 that oughta tell you enough right there.I call this 'interesting ' because I have an automatic fondness for American film of this period , and this role do add perspective to Oates ' otherwise fantastic @card@ output ( Two- Lane Blacktop , the Hired Hand ) .
 but the '1940s detective as fish-out-of-water in 1970s L.A. ' theme , which be the only thing the movie really have to say , be sell in way too heavy- hand a manner .
 a similar theme would be far more effectively handle two year later in Altman 's The Long Goodbye .
 and as far as Oates play a hard-bitten guy on a doomed errand , three year on , he would give his definitive performance in Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia .
 if you have n't see those , do n't waste your time with this !
 ever wonder why Pacific Islanders seem to automatically assume the sense of humour of Black Americans ?
 regardless of their ethnic origin ?
 well this film will not provide any answer to this often ponder question - but it will provide an excellent case study.From its onset this film act as a sort of 'Old School ' for Pacific Island New Zealander , which immediately raise the question what exactly be the point of such a task .
 be it mean to perpetuate ingrained stereotype of Pacific Island New Zealander ?
 or be it intend to exploit this potential market ?
 the story be weak , joke humorless , and the ending be expect .
 this film have do nothing for New Zealand cinema , as it be merely an appropriate romantic comedy that be devoid of any merit .
 let be be honest .
 as a film school project , make without budget and 'real ' actor , this be a passably interesting film .
 as something to be release on DVD for an innocent viewer , it be a very poorly produce product .
 if I would be idly change channel and happen to catch this film accidentally , it would probably arrest my eye and attention for a while .
 as a person who buy this DVD under the impression that I would be get a proper cinematic product , i.e. a film , I feel deeply disappointed .
 it be a videotaped TV play , something along the line of old sixty serial , but without that certain charm .
 aside from the lead man Mr Redfield ( who also be the director ) , the other actor seem to be either chap from the campus ( a bit too old for that actually ) , or member of the director 's household , who appear before the camera without any help from not only the act couch , but also the make-up artist or hairdresser ( a bonnet over outgrow permanent bang or a top hat over mullet be a very long way from create 1840s ) .
 it be all shot use a motionless mounted camera in a small , bare studio , sometimes use blue screen for outdoors background .
 synthesizer generate uninspired score of lame 'period ' inspired romantic karaoke insult the viewer ear on more than one occasion .
 the film attempt to be 'dreamlike ' , whereas in fact it be merely conceptionless collage of those shot that make it to the edit ( and believe me , the standard be n't too high to start with ) .
 there be interesting dialog every now and then , but overall it be pretty lame and two-dimensional production in more than one way with no flash of genius from either the director or any member of the crew .
 that be how 'artsy ' film attempt to look in the 80s .
 Mr Redfield do a much good job as an actor than the director .
 Err...this movie suck .
 a LOT.I have be read some of the other review .
 apparently there be a lot of people that think that anything Woody Allen write or star in be automatically good...I have watch several of his film , in the vain hope that I be miss something .
 but no , they just suck .
 poorly write trash .
 the character be all very stereotypical ( not to mention rather stupid ) .
 the plot is...I think it be suppose to be mysterious .
 not sure on that .
 Mr .
 Allen 's character is...Woody Allen , on any other film you have see of his.If you be a fan of Woody Allen , go see this film .
 if you be under @card@ , do n't bother .
 ( if you be a fan of Woody Allen and you be under 50...well , you be atypical .
 I do n't know what to say .
 ) my wife and I both agree that this be one of the bad movie ever make .
 certainly in the top ten of those I have watch all the way through .
 at least 'Plan @card@ ' be enjoyable.I DID really enjoy 'Christine ' , 'The Dead Zone ' , 'Firestarter ' , 'Carrie ' , and some of his other film .
 I do n't care much for 'Cujo ' ( only because the sound be so bad on version I have see and I often could n't tell what people be say ) , or 'Pet Sematary ( Pet Cemetery)'.But this mess be a total mistake in every way possible .
 the 'creatures ' themselves seem design by a 9-year-old .
 ( no offense to 9-year-olds.)Even the 'one-liners ' make us groan and be n't remotely amusing .
 Nick Millard aka Nick Phillips should have leave well-enough alone when he make 'Criminally Insane ' @card@ year before the release of this god-awful waste of time and effort .
 the fact that the original 'Criminally Insane ' be less than an hour in length should have clue him into the fact that he have probably milk this storyline for all he be go to get out of it...but instead he opt to use ton of footage from the original in this one as well , even to the point of recycle the original opening credit sequence !
 unfortunately , bring back the rapidly age Priscilla Alden do not save this one .
 what little bit of original footage there be in this flick look as if it be film with a rent hand-held camcorder !
 if this film cost more than $100 to make I would be very surprise and I would be equally surprise if it make anything close to that amount !
 avoid this one and watch the original instead !
 this be @card@ minute show about one joke .
 the joke , Cavemen be not treat fairly .
 HaHaHa !
 !
 !
 he ca n't dial a phone because he be a Caveman .
 caveman be not as smart as human being .
 Oh Jeez , those Cavemen be so unsophisticated .
 there be no humor in this show .
 they can only run off this one joke for so long and they already have with the Geico commercial .
 this show do not deserve a time slot on national T.V.This show try to hard to be funny , but it just be n't .
 watch this show , I be think that it be try to be like a 'Bachelor 's Gone Wild Show .
 ' meaning they go to the bar and try to sleep with many woman .
 the crying caveman be annoy .
 the caveman with the glass be too smart to be a caveman(HAHAHA !
 !
 !
 ) .
 all three of them have personality , but I ca n't figure out why I do n't care about them .
 this be it .
 this be the one .
 this be the bad movie ever make .
 ever .
 it beat everything .
 I have never see bad .
 retire the trophy and give it to these people.....there be just no comparison.Even three day after watch this ( for some reason I still do n't know why ) I can believe how insanely horrific this movie is/was .
 its so bad .
 so far from anything that could be consider a movie , a story or anything that should have ever be create and bring into our existence.This make me question whether or not human be truly put on this earth to do good .
 it make me feel disgusted with ourselves and our progress as a species in this universe .
 this type of movie sincerely hurt us as a society .
 we should be ashamed .
 I really can emphasize that our global responsibility as people live here and create art , be that we need to prevent the creation of these gross distortion of our reality for our own good .
 it be an embarrassment .
 I do n't know how on earth any of these actor , writer , or the director of this film sleep at night know that they have a role in make 'Loaded ' .
 I do n't know what type of disgusting monster enjoy watch these type of movies.That be say , I love a good 'bad ' movie .
 I love Shark Attack @card@ , I love Bad Taste , they be hilarious .
 I tell all my friend to see them because they be 'bad'.But this.......this cross the line of 'bad ' into a whole new dimension .
 this be awkward bad .
 this be the bad where you know everything that be go to happen , every line , every action , every death , every sequence BEFORE they happen ; and not just like a second or two before , I mean like , after watch the first @card@ minute before.Every cheesy edit 'effect ' be shamelessly use over and over again to a sickening point .
 I really never want to see the 'shaky ' camera 'drug buzz rush ' effect or jump cut or swerve cut or Any Fancy Cut EVER Again EVER .
 this be meticulously boring , repetitive and just torture the audience.But.......and let me be specific here , the most disturbing thing about this movie be that give the production , it appear that a somewhat decent amount of money be actually put into this excrement .
 I personally will grab the shoulder of the director if I ever see him and shake him into submission , demand that he run home and swallow two-gallons of Drain-O or I will do it for him.If we ever need a new form of inhumane torture for our war prisoner abroad , just keep show them this movie in a pad cell over and over again .
 trust me , I think they will become more extravagant with suicide method after the 72nd time of sit through this.Stop these movie , they be just the most vile of all facet of our society .
 please .
 stop .
 now .
 I be very disappoint in this movie .
 Plotwise it be weak border on silly : soul who can affect reality in the way they do ?
 a mission apparently critical to the Soul Hunters entrust to one of their young member ?
 and the whole B-story with the 'holobrothel ' and the lawsuit against the station be so awful that at one point I blurt out to the television , 'Why be you waste my time with this ?
 'Thematically , 'River of Souls ' do n't really go into the question of the soul in any more depth than the original episode 'Soul Hunter ' do .
 we see that Soul Hunters can make mistake , but we still do n't get a feeling for their culture .
 ( be there any female Soul Hunters ?
 )The acting be okay , give the material they have to work with , and the special effect - especially the planetscapes in the first act - be very impressive .
 but overall , I will say give this one a miss .
 this be one of the bad movie I have see recently .
 when a man say that he wish he have a super power of be able to orally pleasure himself I pretty much consider the movie to be in the realm of childish @card@ year old male fantasy .
 the bed room scene be over the top and reduce an intimate moment into a farce of biological function akin to pass gas in public .
 from the first every other scene be a discussion about how little sex they where get , how long its be since they get some , when their next sexual liaison will be , and with whom it should be with .
 on top of that the dialogue and acting be very poor and very force , not feel , and they fill their lack of content with sleazy sex scene .
 this could have be really funny because the concept be actually interesting but it be poorly execute here .
 please , do not even think about take anyone under @card@ if you have to go and see it .
 I find it rather useless to comment on this 'movie ' for the simple reason that it have nothing to comment upon.It be similar to a rotten egg which have nothing good to show to the world excerpt for the fact that it be rotten as other endless number of egg have be before it .
 but since a comment be mandatory for such a grandiose insignificance ...Filth be definitely the proper word to describe this movie create in the same manner as any other Romanian 'movie ' direct by Lucian Pintilie who insist to depict the so call 'Romanian reality ' follow the communist era ( @card@ to present days).Under no circumstance recommend for people outside Romania as for the other ( who lately find amateurish camera , lack of plot , lack of directorial / actor 's quality etc , noise etc .
 as be trendy and even art-like ) : watch & enjoy this 'movie ' ( as I know you will ) but do the other well intention IMDb member a favor , do n't write an online review for it will misguide , irritate and in the end waste their time.On the other hand this movie ( among other ) have some value whatsoever , an educational one for it set the example for : 'How NOT to make a movie .
 ' I be hope that this film be go to be at least watchable .
 the plot be weak to say the least .
 I be expect a lot more consider the cast line up ( I wonder if any of them will include this on their CVs ?
 ) .
 at least I do n't pay to rent it .
 the good part of the film be definitely Dani Behr , but the rest of the film be complete and utter pant .
 this movie be bad news and I be really surprise at the level of big name talent who would ever agree to appear in such a piece of junk as this .
 I imagine there be a few strangle agent sprawl across Hollywood Blvd .
 as a result of this fiasco .
 what really get you be that it could have be good .
 the director star appeal and the subject matter be sufficient fodder to spark interest and ticket sale , but this be a flop .
 the multiple story line all go from bad to silly by the picture end , and you end up feel like a mouse in a maze look for a piece of cheese that turn out to be rotten .
 what Spike be able to achieve be revenge against any Italian who may have beat him up when he be a kid or insult him , as the movie do quite a number on perpetuate outdated and probably offensive Italian stereotype .
 as with any Spike Lee film there be some really think provoking and magical camerawork .
 he do have the gift of grab your psyche and transport you into his vision if only for a few memorable scene .
 but the question remains...can you endure the other @card@ hour of head scratch and clock watch as you wonder and wait for the ending that have to be there somewhere .
 knight be just a beginning of a series , a pilot , one might say .
 the plot ( I really should n't call it that , there be n't any plot ) be n't logical at all and there be many mistake , like [ warn , I be summarize the plot]:In the beginning of the movie someone say that there be only a couple of those cyborgs ( the bad guy ) but after the climax , Nea find out that there be many many more leave of them .
 and it be tell that cyborgs be hard to kill , but after a month 's training , Nea could kill them with a single blow.The movie be just pure kick .
 I be n't surprise at all , when I find out that the lead star be a kick boxer.There be ONE positive thing in the whole movie : it really give a great deal of laughter when watch it and talk about it with my friend .
 I recommend watch it , if you be in need of laughter .
 this movie be simply not worth the time or money spend .
 full of clichs and a plot that make absolutely no sense !
 I cant believe that so many people have give this awful movie a @ord@ My guess be they be stooge of the movie maker.If I could give this movie a zero , I would .
 too bad IMDb do n't allow that.The only reason I watch it because I go with a friend who really want to see it .
 Whats sad be that I never have great expectation from this movie to begin with and yet I feel short change .
 take my word , do n't waste your $8 on this piece of trash .
 the only entertainment I get out of the movie be make fun of the director name .
 in all , highly NOT RECOMMENDED !
 OK , people , honestly.. .
 this gotta be one of the bad movie about show biz that have ever be make , but I have be laugh myself silly ( which may be why I enjoy it ) .
 basically , it be all about sex , sex and a way to get your own personal @card@ minute of fame .
 do I mention that sex be a major issue in this movie ?
 if you have a thing go for bizzzzare character and easy entertainment , watch this movie when you get the chance ( and do n't have something well to do).***Attention spoiler !
 !
 !
 *** the funny thing on the movie be the guy who ask Jerry whether he could marry his goat ( !
 ) on the show and flash his wallet with his love 's picture .
 a triple A for bad taste and fun !
 oh man , do this movie ever bite !
 if you be ever afraid of see a rehash of the slasher genre , do as cheap as possible and as cautious at the same time ( pc-friendly , mean no nudity , a classic element of slasher film ) Cut be it .
 every cliche be retread without a hint of self-awareness and the acting .
 oh , the acting redefin the word horror .
 I should have know well as the direct Dutch translation of the title would have tip me off .
 I sit through this movie expect a thought-provoking , fact-based film .
 but instead be give some of the least thought out argument against the Christian faith imaginable .
 for instance , in an effort to prove that Christianity be inherently violent , the narrator constantly quote the bible without give context , and thus alter the meaning of the text .
 Jesus be quote as command the execution of those who disobey him , when in fact , the quote be from a parable Jesus tell , involve a king who be then quote .
 thus the narrator make it appear as if Jesus say one thing when he be actually tell a story where one of his character say it .
 this be dishonesty in a very obvious form .
 be this really what Atheism have to offer the world ?
 this film also attempt to use the success of the Passion of the Christ over Jesus Christ : superstar and the last temptation of the Christ as evidence that Christian be bloodthirsty .
 he make no mention of the fact that the Passion be the most historically accurate Bible-film to date .
 he make no mention of the fact that it be actually the well like by critic of the bunch .
 he then edit in a series of violent image from the Passion as if to hammer home his point .
 ironically , he make no mention of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre which come out a few month later and play violence for entertainment , versus dramatic effect.One thing that really bother me be his mockery of people who actually know more about the subject matter than he do .
 all the Christian he interview be average schmo in the parking lot of Billy Graham 's New York Crusade .
 atheist he interview for the film be notable author and scholar .
 he ask the Christian how the Christian movement start , and of course , they say it start with the Holy Spirit come to the disciple at Pentecost .
 which be correct ( act @card@ ) .
 he then give the commentary , 'is n't it funny how so few Christian seem to know the origin of their own faith ?
 ' and proceed to explain that the apostle Paul start Christianity after be stop on the road to Damascus .
 the poor chap seem convince that Acts @card@ happen before act @ord@ more deception ?
 or be this simply ignorance ?
 he also throw around nonsense that Paul do n't believe Jesus be a real person .
 be you kid me ?
 @card@ Corinthian @card@ describe Jesus death and resurrection be witness by people ( whom Paul name in the passage ) for the Corinthian to question if they be in doubt !
 there be many many other example of how full of crap this 'documentary ' be .
 but because I do n't have time or patience to go into them all , I will skip straight to the end .
 it be obvious throughout the whole movie that the narrator have an emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church .
 and the climax interview be HIS CHILDHOOD Principle !
 in a last-ditch attempt to disprove the Christian faith , the narrator try to make a fool out of someone who give him a detention as a child .
 be this what pass as an intellectual documentary for the Atheist community ?
 surely there be intelligent Atheist filmmaker out there who can make a documentary that be n't a load of made-up crap pass off as 'facts ' .
 this remind me of when I be a born-again believer who be go to be a minister .
 I never actually think I would be a minister or even graduate from high school because I be almost positive I would be rapture to Heaven before that would ever happen .
 that be before I discover that Christianity be a bunch rubbish .
 I be now an atheist , and that just prove that the 'once save always save ' doctorine that Christian tell us be no more real than elf .
 if it be true then why do I leave after many year of be a devout bear again believer ?
 yes , I really be save .
 I pray that silly sinner prayer with all my heart.If Christian be to read their Bible they would discover that their god think like rape , genocide , abortion , and many other atrocity be alright accord to him .
 they might be surprise to learn that no where be the word 'rapture ' mention .
 I have just lose three hour of my life to this travesty , and I can honestly say I feel violate .
 I have read the review and hear the warning , and I think I be prepare for anything - at good I think , a faithful ( if misguided ) attempt at an original adaptation ; at bad , a so-good-it's-bad 'Plan @card@ ' for the new millennium .
 so when I manage to pick up a copy in Walmart while in Florida and bring it back to the UK , I joke to my friend 'Prepare for the bad movie ever make !
 ' oh , cruel Karma .
 there be absolutely NOTHING to recommend this film .
 the 'special ' effect look like the work of a first year design student use a Spectrum ZX81 .
 the acting be terrible , the accent be WORSE than terrible ( one artillery man ' accent seem to take us on a tour of the British Isles , from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland ) , the dialogue be stilt , the edit be non-existent , the production value prove that no expense have be go to .
 word really can describe how bad this movie be ; from the Union Flag fly from the horribly CGI will Thunderchild ( the Royal Navy fly the White Ensign , NOT the Union flag ) to the woodworm ridden acting , this be quite simply a crime against film making .
 when you consider some of the literally-zero-budget fan film that be available on the 'net ( the Star Wars short 'Troops ' for example ) , the whole 'we be enthusiastic amateur ' argument go right out of the window .
 and if you believe an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website , this film have an @card@ figure budget !
 I can only assume that dodgy facial hair do not come cheap in the US .
 maybe the problem be that Hines & Co try to make a film of the book , rather than turn the book into a film ( if that make any sense ) .
 character and extra spout chunk of text verbatim without try to convey the feeling behind the word .
 ironically enough , the ONLY person who even come close to give a decent performance be Darlene Sellers , the ex-soft porn actress .
 my advice ?
 pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne do n't screw up , and go watch the Spielberg version .
 it may not be true to the text of the book , but I can say this ; as a lifelong HG Wells fan ( and Englishman as well ) Speilbergs film be true to the spirit of the book .
 maybe custom be wrong to let me carry this monster into the country , but I will say this : Timothy Hines steal three hour of my life , and I want them back .
 Christ , oh Christ.. .
 one watch stunned , incredulous , and possibly derange , as this tawdry exercise in mirthless smut unfold with all the wit and dexterity of a palsied Galapagos tortoise .
 can such thing be ?
 do this movie actually exist , or be I the unwitting guinea pig of some shadowy international drug company , sip my coffee unaware that it have be spike with a dangerous hallucinogen ?
 I have see a lot of film , and a lot of bad film , but nothing prepare me for this ; by the end of it I be a gibber , snivel wreck , tear at the carpet with my tooth like a dog , claw at the wall , howl till my lung be sore .
 I plead desperately , frenziedly for mercy ( to whom this appeal be make , I do n't know ) , and long with burn desire for the soothing balm of Ozu Yasujiro .
 sweet Weeping Jesus , the memories.. .
 sometimes they come back to me .
 when I be at my most vulnerable , when I be least able to handle them .
 I shudder , I break down in tear , I bite my fingernail till my hand be slather with blood , but I ca n't quite banish the awful flashback from my mind .
 I be haunt .
 I be damage .
 I be a shell of a man.The other user comment here suggest that I be not alone in have undergo this terrifying experience , which can only mean one of two thing : a ) the film do , in fact , exist , or b ) I be but one victim among legion of an international conspiracy of truly sinister proportion .
 what be quite mind-boggling be that some people seem to have enjoy their ordeal , or at least have not be leave traumatise by it .
 perhaps they be part of the operation .
 God damn them , the maniac !
 God damn them all to Hell !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 this movie be just so awful .
 so bad that I ca n't bear to expend anything other than just a few word .
 avoid this movie at all cost , it be terrible.None of the detail of the crime be re-enact correctly .
 lot of slaughterhouse footage .
 weird cut and edit .
 no continuity to the plot .
 the acting be absolutely the most amateur I have ever seen.This bomb of a movie be obviously make to make some money without any regard to the accuracy of it be content .
 the camera work be out of focus at time and always shaky .
 it look as if it be shoot on video.In fact , now that they have get Dennis Rader with life in prison , I wish they would put the guy that make this horrible movie into prison as well.Seriously , do n't even think about watch this one .
 I will give it a negative star if I could .
 I see this film last night ( about @card@ minute ) and do n't know what keep me in my seat .
 I guess I just expect a film with Gere would have some value in it eventually but nothing of value ever come on the screen .
 the story be a silly excuse to pile on shot after shot of bondage and torture .
 there be not a character in the film that do anything like real life .
 the cut 'style ' rely on jump cut , mini flashback and overprint to give weight to this vapid setup of a gang of sadist apparently run free for year and surprise the leader be the 'victim ' of an executed killer .
 I do n't see how Gere , a Buddhist , get involve in this violent , sexist trash .
 ...that Jamie Foxx would ever deliver such a wonderful , Oscar-winning performance .
 one of the reason why I be so impress with Foxx 's performance in 'Ray ' be because from watch his hammy , obnoxious acting in movie like 'Bait ' and 'Booty call , ' I would never imagine he would ever hold the Oscar .
 if people tell me five year ago that Jamie Foxx be one day go to win an Oscar , I would laugh right in their face .
 who know ?
 maybe he be good off stick to drama , because if you watch 'Bait , ' it be clearly evident that comedy be not his forte .
 I swear , Jamie mug so much in this movie that I be surprise his face do n't fall off .
 and why do he have to do those stupid voice at every chance he get ?
 anyone familiar with comedian like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright know that do comedy do n't require be loud and obnoxious .
 if a joke be funny , it be funny .
 if it be not funny , then do some crazy accent be not go to make it any funny .
 the problem I have with some comedian who decide to try acting be that they favor get laugh over be in character .
 in real life , normal people do n't always have witty comeback and quip .
 like Albert Brooks say in an interview discuss his character in 'Taxi Driver , ' it be important to be funny as your character , rather than be funny as a comedian .
 a prime example of Jamie violate that rule be the nauseatingly awful scene where his mug shot be be take , and he start pose for the photograph like a model .
 if a regular person be be throw in jail , would he really be act goofy while have his mug shot take ?
 and would n't the police try to scold him if he be ?
 there be many scene like that throughout the film .
 another awful sequence be one where Jamie be on the unwittingly on the phone with the villain , and he start do a phony Caribbean accent .
 not funny !
 not to mention Jamie never seem to acknowledge the timing of a joke .
 give a comedic performance require patience , whereas he go straight to the punchline , whether it be the right time for it or not .
 I be not even a big Mike Epps fan , but even his performance be good in comparison to Jamie 's .
 as a matter of fact , this be the first time I feel somewhat relieve whenever he would appear on screen .
 Epps have the same flaw when it come to comedy , but at least he choose a more low-key approach .
 one of the few bright spot in this clunker of a comedy be David Morse , a highly underrate actor mostly know for his support role as villain .
 he seem to be the only actor in the film concern with ground it in reality .
 however , fellow 'Green Mile ' star Doug Hutchison be disgustingly over-the-top as the villain .
 a big surprise , consider he give a superb performance in 'The Green Mile , ' also play a heavy .
 Antoine Fuqua have prove his direct chop in movie like 'The Replacement Killers ' and 'Training day .
 ' even in 'Bait , ' he show he can direct a hell of an action sequence .
 his only problem seem to be in discipline Jamie Foxx , who probably improvise half the script with one bad joke after another .
 unless you be a die-hard fan of Foxx , please do n't take the bait .
 it use to be my thinking that movie require plot , or some other means of make you care at all about the story line or anything that be go on .
 this movie have show me that you do n't actually have to have anything like that.I could sum it up simply as that .
 but , IMDb want me to have more line .
 it be kind of pretty .
 not compelling in the slight .
 the way the character talk in the movie make you think it should have take place over a matter of day , but there be no passage of time and i be pretty sure it all happen in an hour.If you be look to entertain yourself , then buy a gallon of milk and see how fast you can drink it before throw up .
 it would be a far good use of your time .
 time that you will never get back .
 Jurassic Park @card@ be pull off well than this movie .
 I be , as many be , a fan of Tony Scott film .
 when this movie come out I have high hope that it would be like 'Man on Fire ' .
 to find out that the movie it be the furthest thing from it !
 the story be tread water from the get go , and the choice of Mickey Rourke be not such such a good idea .
 and the whole 'arm'scene be too gratuitous !
 the movie be center around Kiera Kinghtly , and this movie reveal that she will never become a movie star !
 the movie bring some of the bad acting ever.I like Tony Scott 's direction 'n all , but this take the whole friggin cake !
 sorry Ton , @card@ out of @card@ !
 yike do this movie blow .
 the character be weak , the plot weak .
 I figure this could n't be too bad because it have Christoper Walken , oops .
 he must have do this because he be bore and need the money .
 the character be suppose to be Irish but noone have an Irish accent .
 I be desperately try to find something nice about this , I ca n't except Walken do a fine job with a wooden character .
 find something to read , or watch discovery , do n't ever see this movie .
 I happen to be the director 's nephew .
 it have take me year to get my hand on a copy of this film and I can confirm that it be indeed one of the bad movie of all time .
 my uncle do n't even have a copy of it anymore ( I ask ) .
 I be look forward to bring him a copy.Currently the film 's average rating be @card@ .
 as far as I can tell , that should put it somewhere in the mid-30s in the IMDb 'bottom @card@ , ' however with only @card@ vote , it have n't yet placed.It be sad that the film do n't even get the respect of a bottom @card@ title.Anyhow , I be give copy of the movie to family member this year for holiday gift .
 Best/Worst gift ever ?
 Wenders be great with Million $ Hotel.I do n't know how he come up with this film !
 the idea of give the situation after spt11 and the view of American Society be hopeful,that make it @card@ out of ten.But this be not a movie.Is that the good someone can do with a great idea(the west-east clash).There be important thing go on in middle east and it be just issue on the screen of a MAC* with the finger of an Amerian girl who be actually at the level of stupidity(because she be just ignorant about the facts).The character be not well shaped.And the most important thing be the idea that be give with religion be somehow funny to me.At the end scene Lana say let just be quiet and try to listen.And the background music say '...I will pray'.The thing be not about religion actually.But it end up with this.How you be gonna see the truth if you just close your eye and pray.The light be already shine on the truth.Its just that nobody want to see it .
 ps : 'My home be not a place.It be people'The only thing that get @card@ out of @card@ be that sentence.But it be waste behind this film making .
 ( by the way ; as 'someone ' mention below ,Americas fine young man be not finest,they be just the 'poor ' and the 'hopeless ' one who sign up for the army in need of good paycheck which be not provide by the government !
 ) I have see a lot of movie in my life , but not many as bad as this .
 it be a movie that make fun of fat people , have no real story , have bad actor , be not funny and much more .
 be this a movie that you would like to see ?
 I guess not !
 I guess that the maker of the movie be try to be original and creative , but it look like it be make by a @card@ year old child with absolutely no cinematic skill at all .
 the so call funny part be as funny as throughing pie in the face of people , or break wind .
 of cource if this be the kind of humour that you like , then this be the movie for you !
 !
 Dont waste your money on this movie !
 I really do n't expect much from this film see as it have people from Parkersburg WV , which be be I live , act in it .
 this town be dull and so be this film .
 there be a few decent scened in the movie but I be distract by all the crappy landmark they make a point to show .
 this movie may have be good if there be actual act in it but there be n't any .
 unless you be from Parkersburg and be interested in see what you see everyday , then stay away from this movie .
 the dialog will put you to sleep , the acting will bore you to tear and Steven Soderberg should lose some credibility after shoot crap like this .
 its a predictable movie with no surprise .
 what you see be what you get and that be a @card@ minute tour of Parkersburg West Virginia and Belpre Ohio without a narrator .
 I want to like this movie , but many element ruin it for me .
 the use of a fisheye lens throughout and choppy edit do not give me a sense of be in the world of the meth head , but it do make me think I be watch MTV for a few short moment .
 the movie never do seem to go anywhere and the act be truly an excellent example of over act .
 I love movie that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld , but this film could n't decide if it be a bad horror film or an even bad serious commentary on the horror of addiction .
 my favorite quote from Crow be , when the car be go off the cliff , 'The movie be so bad , even the car want to get out of it !
 'This have to be the funny movie I have ever see .
 it be seriously out there to scare you , which make it even funny !
 if it be n't for Mystery Science Theater I would n't be here today !
 :-P just buy the VHS on this film for two buck , do I waste my money !
 hey , I dig Adam 'Batman ' West and Tina 'Giligan 's Island ' Louise , but hello !
 this third rate production be a rehash of a dozen other biker film ; crazed bunch of biker psycho ride into a hick town , beat up everybody and everything , and then be defeat in the man by a dashing hero .
 Adam West look the part as a hero , but he be miss cape , and his Batman uniform .
 sorry , just be n't the same .
 Tina L. look really nervous and frighten the whole show , but at least we know what happen to 'Ginger ' once she be rescue from the island...LOL !
 the biker be a motley group , and know of them ever act again or at least should n't have .
 hell Riders be Hell to Watch !
 that be a problem I have with movie that come on television , when there be nothing else to watch .
 I somehow get suck into really bad movies.But this one be fairly watchable .
 the concept of be the only one leave on Earth after a comet , then find out zombie be around make me laugh .
 and that be why I give this movie a @card@ , instead of @ord@ the story be stupid...but in that way that make you laugh ( too stupid funny).I think I only watch it because the guy from Star Trek be the lead .
 I be surprise to see him as a young guy...and he be the only funny character anyway .
 this be not Michael Madsen 's fault , he be hardly in it .
 this movie be just awful .
 if you want to laugh and be bore , go ahead and watch this movie .
 word can describe how idiotic it be .
 sorry Michael .
 the cinematography be dark .
 all the other actor be unknown .
 when watch it , it feel like a soft porn , but with no nudity or heated scene .
 this movie have sexual overtone , since it be about a underground S & M killer .
 the act be bad , except Michael Madsen 's part .
 he look like he want to laugh .
 I hope he get pay well for this lousy movie .
 it be something I would not be proud of .
 it be not even a B movie for cable , it be more like a F and it should never be show , ever .
 watch on Hulu ( far too many commercial !
 ) so it break the pace but even still , it be like watch a really bad buddy movie from the early sixty .
 Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis where both part be play by Jerry Lewis .
 if I be Indian , I will protest the portrayal of all male as venal and all woman as shrew .
 they cheat for the music video for western sale and use a lot of western model so the male could touch them I usually enjoy Indian film a lot but this be a major disappointment , especially for a modern Indian film .
 the story do n't take place in India ( the uncle keep refer to when Mac will return to India ) but I ca n't find out where it be suppose to be happen .
 okay , if you have see the Ring , you have basically see the Grudge .
 it be try to be scary by just have freaky camera work and loud sound , but it fail miserably .
 the plot , if you can call it that , be weak and rather full of hole , for instance , how would the care center have know that Yoko do n't show up for work when the people who live in the house be not there ?
 and it be not really clear what Bill Pullman 's character have to do with anything .
 he just kind of come out of nowhere to advance the plot .
 it do n't make a lot of sense what happen to the original family .
 who be hang in the room , the little boy or the dad ?
 and be Yoko alive or dead when the care center guy find her ?
 there be too many unanswered question and I be too bore to think about it more .
 wow .
 I do n't even really remember that much about this movie , except that it stunk.The plot be basically ; a girl 's parent neglect her , so this sicko PokeMon pretend to be her dad .
 be I the only one disturb by that ?
 then , this weirdo PokeMon kidnap Ash 's mom to pretend to be the girl 's .
 I do n't care if he be try to make the girl happy , that be just gross.There be no real plot .
 the girl be just a whiny brat who want thing her own way .
 she play with Unowns , be the 'daughter ' of Entei and apparently could grow and shrink in age on a whim with the help of her 'dad'.That be pretty much all I can remember , but I think you can take it as a hint , and not see it .
 ( or if you do see it , do n't expect much .
 ) @card@ out of 10.Seriously .
 if you want a PokeMon movie , rent 'PokeMon ; the First Movie ' .
 I have watch some pretty poor film in the past , but what the hell be they think of when they make this movie .
 have the production crew turn into zombie when they come up with the idea of make it , because you sure have to be brain dead to find any enjoyment in it.I be a fan of most genre and enjoy 'shoot them up ' game , but merge the daft scene from the game just make this ridiculous and unwatchable.As most have already say , there be hardly any script and the act be weak .
 I wo n't waste my time describe it.Anyone who rate this film above @card@ have to be part of the production company or Sega , or else they have a very warp concept of entertainment.I must say , I be more annoy with the video shop , who give this a thumb up , which lead me to rent it .
 thank god I have a second film to watch to restore some of my faith in movies.Comic book guy would be right if he say 'Worst movie ever ' !
 what a muddle mess .
 I see this with a friend a while ago and we both consider ourselves open-minded to the many wonder of cinema , but this sure be n't one of them.While there very well could be some good ideas/concepts and there be certainly some good performance ( under the circumstance ) , it be all bury under random nonsense .
 Sir Anthony draw way too heavily from the same gene pool as Natural Born Killers , U Turn and similar film as far as the edit be concern , or maybe he watch himself in Nixon for inspiration .
 say what you want about David Lynch , but at least he more often than not have a method to the madness.His quote of state that he make the film as a joke say it all .
 it be not worth your money , bandwidth or time .
 well , what can it be say about this disaster ?
 I watch it because it air on cable .
 I regret for waste my time but at least I do n't waste money.The creature be the cheesy you can get !
 please , you need to be very generous not to get anger by the CHEAP Halloween costume .
 oh well , there be also display of horrible acting , f/x , and dialogue .
 the confrontation with the creature be unbelievable , you ca n't get a more pathetic scene.This be the bad you can get from direct to video flick .
 'Creature unknown ' make Full Moon Pictures movie look like 'Halloween'.Avoid this one at all cost , please .
 the only 'positive ' thing about this trash be the sexy woman .
 the bad movie I have see in a while .
 yeah its fun to fantasize , but if that be what you be look for , I suggest you see Brewsters million .
 this be just terrible and corny and terrible at be corny .
 unless you be five or like terrible movie , do n't see this one .
 the ghost of the Vietnam war have haunt the American psyche for thirty year now .
 if not because of the fact that ten of thousand of American soldier go MIA in Vietnam , or the manner in which those who return be treat , then because it be the first war that America could be say to have lose .
 many man come home from the war a shadow of their former self , and the original First Blood manage to provide a small insight into their problem as they attempt to rotate back into the world , as the say go .
 First Blood Part II , on the other hand , be little more than a fist-pumping mess that go to illustrate how sore America can be , both in victory and defeat .
 Stallone put in another sluggish performance as the titular special force commando , while Richard Crenna attempt to hold up the serious actor quotient .
 where it all come undone be in the script , which do n't do any well when it be call Missing in Action and star Chuck Norris .
 what little semblance of logic there be in the original be now go , as the filmmaker decide to paint a big S on Rambo 's massive chest.The film pick up a little while after the end of First Blood .
 the film , that be - the novel do n't allow for the possibility of sequel .
 in this mediocre follow-up , Rambo have be put to work at what appear to be some sort of open-air mine .
 as he be break rock and work up a sweat , a prison guard pull him away to go and have a chat with Colonel Trautman , who advise him that his government be willing to offer him an early release if he go on a covert mission .
 Rambo , never one to back down from a hard day 's violent work , accept , and be promptly ship off to a covert base in what appear to be Cambodia or Thailand ( I forget which ) .
 from there , he be commission to seek out a camp where American MIA be supposedly be hold , and photograph them .
 his mission quite clearly specify that he be not to make any attempt to secure their release .
 Rambo being Rambo , however , have other idea in spite of their possible political implications.Of course , thing go somewhat awry when it turn out that the people commission Rambo 's work have more interest in make sure no American MIA be find .
 it be the age-old conspiracy theory , and make no apology for exploit the plight of many an American family that be leave without a son during the ten year that the official Vietnam war have be rage for .
 of course , with the Jingoism that be inherent in American society during the 1980s , they could not help but work in a plot tangent about the Vietnamese army be in bed with what appear to be a single battalion of Russians .
 together , the two antagonist attempt to extract what information they can from Rambo , but it backfire upon them in an orgy of bullet , arrow , rocket , and destruction .
 about the only thing miss be the moment when Rambo drink from a grail-like chalice and declare himself invincible.To be honest , First Blood Part II be a well-photographed , and well-choreographed , action spectacle .
 the hand-to-hand combat with the large Russian commander be one of the few battle in the film that have any dramatic tension whatsoever .
 the rest be simply a case of the lead actor and the director build a fantasy for Americans to pump their fist to .
 fortunately , this fad of America ber Alles action film soon die down when more introspective and intelligent war film such as platoon begin do the round .
 some of the kill show here be quite creative , despite all the problem .
 the Vietnamese commander meet an end that many an action film villain would envy .
 the Russian commander bite it in a manner that be as spectacular as it be ridiculous .
 only in a 1980s action film would one see a law be use from inside a helicopter .
 sure , there have be action film clichs root in contradiction of fact , but never this ridiculous before.I give Rambo : First Blood Part II a one out of ten .
 it be so bad it be ridiculous , and so ridiculous that it be often funny .
 one do n't even need to have serve in the military to know how stupid some of the action sequence be .
 the only risk it take be in try to make a stupid political statement with what be a heartbreaking subject for those directly involve .
 keep the tongue firmly in the cheek , and it might be watchable .
 watch 'Kroko ' I would have like to leave the cinema very much for the first time in my life .
 I would not recommend to watch this movie : flat main character - absolutely no development e.g. Kroko the metaphoric German problem child remain a pure metaphor without any capability of positive involvement despite several plot-wise chance to do so .
 uninspired actor , non-evolving plot .
 I guess the movie attempt an environmental survey but do not succeed : camera appear shaky rather than motivate .
 picture be low - contrast , gray and dark - i be sure deliberately but the component do not add up to a convincing impression of the social milieu .
 the story have certain potential though , it could have make a good short story .
 feel mine be while watch this...but it seem that be the reason for insanity run in the family in this film .
 not that make a lot of sense anyway , as other have mention , this be one of Karloff 's last film and it be only his screen presence that lend it any credibility at all .
 it be sad that all of the great legend of the horror film in the sound era be eventually reduce to star in low grade rubbish like this .
 marginally , Boris do get off slightly well than poor old Bela Lugosi but not by much.Boris do his good and give him credit for try to hold this mess together .
 the strident background music do n't help and distract from any lucid moment .
 apart from Boris , the rest of the Mexican cast be dub into some strange , clip , English monotone that be reminiscent of the type use in porn film of the late seventies.At a guess I think it be Edgar Allen Poe 's 'House of Usher ' that this be take from but you will be hard press to find a great deal of Poe in the finished article.Still , there be far good film out there with Boris Karloff at his good , search them out and give this a wide berth , unless you want the curse of the 'shrinking brain ' too !
 do n't see this movie .
 bad acting and stupid gore effect .
 a complete waste of time .
 I be hope to see a lot of cool murder and hot chicks,instead the director depend on animal slaughter video to shock you , the watcher .
 disgusting .
 the murder be pretty lame , basically strangulation .
 one woman he stuff worm in her mouth , one he put raw hamburger on her face and strangle her .
 BTK = BTK broiler , burger king 's 'killer ' new sandwich....ha ha .
 I do n't think this movie rely too much on actual fact .
 I mean , he real BTK killer do n't carry around a bunch of rodent , scorpion and worms..and oh yeah...a slaughter cow head too .
 go figure .
 I know that actor and actress like to try different kind of movie - hey , no one want to get typecast - but Danny Glover , Brenda Fricker ( happy birthday , Brenda !
 ) and Christopher Lloyd should have know well than this .
 'Angels in the Outfield ' be another movie in which everything seem lose until someone or something magically come and save the day .
 do I even need to tell you how it end ?
 the movie be just plain lowly escapism ( example of high escapism be the various sci-fi movie from the '50s ) .
 if these movie have some political undertone - or at least offer us a new look at life - then they would be OK ; this one be just pointless .
 far closer to diabolical than angelic .
 also star Tony Danza , Adrien Brody and Matthew McConaughey , and I suspect that they do n't wish to stress this in their resume .
 I have the distinct misfortune of catch up on two of @card@ 's bad film back to back this morning : first , the incoherent CGI-driven emptiness of the Chronicles of Riddick , and then , the embarrassing vanity project know as Greendale .
 one cost multimillion and the other cost penny , but they be both bad .
 really , really bad.Up front I should state I be not the world 's big Neil Young fan , but he have contribute his share of classic tune : from Buffalo Springfield ( whose good recording be Young composition ) to Rust Never Sleeps , Harvest , and Mirror Ball , the man have pen some really great song .
 sadly , there be no great song in Greendale , and precious few good one , and the film around which they be build be truly cringeworthy and simplistic political sloganeer .
 completely without merit as art and unimpressive as polemic , Greendale be well left forget .
 buy the book if you feel compel to contribute to Young 's bank account .
 I be not one of those people that will walk out of a movie that be base on source material and automatically say , 'The book be good .
 ' I know good than to demote the value of a movie just because it be n't a faithful adaptation .
 there be a lengthy process and lot of decision that go into make a movie that be sometimes out of the director's/editor's/cinematographer's/producer 's control and certainly out of the original author 's control .
 therefore , it be unreasonable to expect a movie to be exactly the same , word for word , as a book or play or video game or Disneyland Ride , or whatever !
 a movie should be judge on its own standard and how it fit in society .
 moreover , a successful movie should be make because the material be relevant to the society which it belong and , if it be base on source material , its relevance need to be reexamine and enhance by the filmmakers.Films like there will be Blood follow this paradigm because while it be base on a novel write at the turn of the century , oil !
 , it feel relevant because of thing like the Iraq war and energy concern that the film 's country of origin , the US , be and be experience .
 even King Kong , base on the original film , benefit from use new technology and concern of animal right that people have.With that say , I just do n't understand why they even bother to make this movie ?
 besides the great performance , guarantee Oscar nod and Shanley 's director/writers fee and royalty he will get , this movie seem to come from nowhere .
 it should have simply stay as a play .
 the movie ( which be essentially the same as the play ) say nothing new about the reprehensible sexual atrocity commit and in many case cover up by the Catholic church here and abroad .
 it say nothing new or different than the original play .
 I ca n't help but compare this movie to another movie that come out at around the same time : Frost/Nixon , which be also base on a play .
 Frost/Nixon , while about Nixon 's regret , seem relevant because it seem to have come at a time when President Bush be about to leave office .
 the regret that Nixon have , as depict in the play/movie , about the war and his presidency could just as easily reflect on Bush and his presidency .
 in that respect Frost/Nixon seem more relevant and actually benefit from a wide distribution via film because it get people talk and reflect about the political status quo in the country at the time .
 in contrast , Doubt feel like it be yesterday 's news and do n't seem to offer anything that the play do n't offer.Of course the movie be 'good , ' the performance be outstanding , and the screenplay adaptation be apt , but so what ?
 why do n't it just stay as a play ?
 why , besides marketing and financial reason , make it into a movie ?
 it give audience nothing new to discus about the awful subject .
 this movie be the bad i have ever seen.It do n't seem to have a plot but the time you realize this be far beyond the beginning of the movie so you have to watch the shut for a long time to recognize the total incompetence of the director , aka the sloth that play the tampon chick in the movie , and we do not believe the Willem Dafoe in this movie , he be a clone , because the real Dafoe , like we know from 'apocalypse now ' and 'the boon dock saint ' , would never agree to such a script.Duh , ( Da)foe write this bill shut together with his twenty year minus baby .
 this movie start with the credit of the two main character , Dafoe and Colagrande , and then the two script writer , Dafoe and Colagrande , and then the director , Colagrande.Bottomline ( the story ) ; Widow meet guy , guy bang widow , widow smash windscreen with guy who bang her.Title in Netherlands ; the black widow ( different title , same bullshit).DO NOT WATCH This Movie !
 !
 !
 it be a total waist of time !
 !
 !
 this movie be terrible !
 I rent it not know what to expect.I watch the 1st @card@ minute and the movie and know it be a bomb.The acting be bad and there be no plot.The monster be soooooo fake.It growl and its mouth doesnt move.Also why would they have a doctor play a xylophone to kill the monster.Just plain bad do n't even waste your time.(1 out of @card@ ) this be the bad movie I have ever see in my entire life .
 the plot and message be horrible .
 there be too many mistake in this movie that it be impossible to keep up .
 I do n't even understand how this movie can get any nomination , let alone @ord@ here be why : 1 ) Sam Lee portray a angry/irrational detective which be cause by the disappointment from his dad .
 pro : he be angry alright .
 con : when it come to the explanation scene , he can convey the sadness/disappointment he have in his father .
 the crying scene be too fake and it seem like he be literally squeeze out tear from the corner of his eyes.2 ) to connect the movie to the title , there be bark or dog wimp sound during the fight scene and rape scene , which be totally irrelevant and confusing to the viewer .
 I understand that it be suppose to be a metaphor or what not.. .
 but it be just sooo dumb !
 3 ) why the Heck DID THE COPS NOT SHOOT THE Killer ?
 what the heck be wrong with this movie .
 when the killer start stab an officer , SHOOT him .
 he be already dead !
 what the heck ?
 there be lot of opportunity that the killer could be kill , but I do not know why he be n't !
 4 ) during the scene where the girl have her foot hurt .
 in the scene , it be very clear that the Left foot of the girl be hurt , so how the heck in the next scene that she be lend all her weight on her left foot ?
 and this be the actress nominate as the well new performer ?
 WTF ?
 5 ) the sound in the movie be off sync.6 ) I be guess that this movie be try to bring awareness of the brutality and violence among child in South East Asia , so why do the bad guy win and then the cop be join the fight ?
 @card@ ) this movie be just too violent without a purpose .
 cop be beat CI to a pulp and then if they cooperate , they give them marijuana and coke ?
 this be overall the bad movie .
 I truly feel that the person who write this movie be a sadist and sick person .
 I have never see a more disgusting movie in my whole entire life .
 bad Movie EVER !
 this be a movie which attempt a retell of Thai history , set in the ancient city of Ayutthaya .
 I decide to watch this film because I think it be along the line of many Thai film I have watch and enjoy , one that have Thai actor speak Thai and martial art craziness .
 well , it be none of that .
 this film be shoot entirely in English , be chock full of Anglo actor , and have production value so terrible it be laughably bad....but not funny !
 who can we blame for this rubbish ?
 the acting , dialog , and most of the set be quite bad .
 some of the fight scene look like they be choreograph by the local high school drama club .
 the special effect be also mostly bad , but a few be just cheap animation patch onto the screen that provide an especially cheesy effect .
 it have one large , epic-style outdoor battle scene , where a few thousand extra get to run across a field in costume , but when we see the two army collide in combat--HA !
 what a joke !
 the film do feature a couple of beauty .
 what a pity they do n't show a little more skin .
 at least that would have be something for the guy to appreciate .
 do n't bother .
 this be one of those movie which make you think : would Hulk ' the real American ' Hogan have do the same ?
 frankly I do n't think so and he will have be right .
 I be Italian , I can go proud of my country for many reason , but I would n't have row for another team ( the French , for example ) , simply because I be in love with Juliette Binoche .
 besides the protagonist do n't fall in love desire with a British girl at the end of the movie but with a fellow countrywoman , so why rowing against Yale .
 as far as acting be concern , well , all the player act very poorly .
 and then , you know , I hate that 'Dead poet society ' atmosphere .
 in fact that be another movie I hate .
 this movie be a mess .
 I be surprise it even have a theatrical release .
 without Robin Williams it would have go straight to video .
 it be poorly write .
 it be poorly direct .
 it be bad offense be that it have take an interesting topic and reduce it to a ridiculous and boring thriller that have no thrill and no suspense and no inner or emotional logic.Especially after the first half hour the movie dovetail into a series of ridiculous set piece that be so over the top that the audience I see it with be laugh at it .
 save your money .
 the trailer be totally mislead - it be not suspenseful and there be no thrill - in fact the movie 's truly bad offense be that it be simply boring .
 if you be one of the people who find 'According to Jim ' great television comedy , this be go to rock your world .
 and might I add , kudos for prove that good talent , good writing and a charismatic star be all you really need on any network other than ABC , which prefer to air crap like Jim Belushi 's show year after year.'K-911 ' be a big , steam , brown , German shepherd-sized 'thank you ' for all of the genius who love the first movie .
 it be exactly what fan of that film and the lesser Belushi deserve .
 Jim 's comedic chop and choice in project be never far behind his ability to butcher a blue standard .
 look for him to try to showcase all of his diverse lack of talent into every project he hurl at the public like a surly zoo chimpanzee.If you enjoy Jim 's work , this movie be your reward .
 check the spoiler alert just in case.Perhaps one of the most horrendous movie I have ever see , Mazes and Monsters feel like I waste @card@ minute of my life .
 the only redeeming quality of the movie be scene that try to be serious , but just end up be funny since they be so bad .
 evil Dead anyone ?
 unfortunately for M&M ; ( fortunately for us ) it do not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy .
 this movie try to address a series of problem that the main character , Robbie ( play by Hanks ) encounter throughout the film .
 it end up be a fear mongering video about stereotype that help fuel the D&D ; be the Devil movement in the 80s.If you want to avoid waste your time and money , steer clear of this junk.P.S .
 - even though the cover look kinda interesting , which be why I guess my brother buy it , it in no way take place in a fantasy realm , unless you consider New England or New York City to be such a place .
 I buy this movie last weekend at my local Movie Gallery .
 it be buy @card@ get @card@ free and I need one more so I choose this one .
 horrible mistake .
 the box read like it would be a really good movie .
 well , it start out like it be go to be this great movie .
 for about @card@ minute , that be .
 the movie be about a young woman , Laila , who get kill try to save her beau , Jack , from a bull .
 Laila 's dad , Cordobes , be a rancher that the townspeople be afraid of .
 he assume that Jack kill Laila because she be supposedly afraid of this bull , and go on this hunt to find him .
 that be the first @card@ minute that be good .
 what follow after that be only gonna get @card@ time worse .
 whoever write the script , in my opinion , have to of be on some kind acid trip or something because nothing else make any sense what so ever .
 Jack be on the run and find this travel radio DJ name Mary who give him a ride .
 I think Mary be suppose to be a virgin Mary type character .
 you know , Jesus ' mother .
 but , who know , I could n't make head or tail of it .
 as they be running.. .
 we get to see bad guy , magical vision , ghostly encounter , flashback , etc.. .
 and all these thing be do in such a way that your brain hurt from try to figure out what be go on .
 needless to say , I take the movie back and exchange it for something else .
 it be horrible I tell ya , horrible .
 and , there be absolutely no bull-fighting in this movie .
 unless you count the first minute of the movie .
 hope I help some other people keep from waste their time on this movie .
 the first Matrix movie be lush with incredible character development , witty dialog , and action scene that keep with the flow of the story .
 these element -- couple by incredible special effect of the day -- present a magical ride that keep you in suspense the entire time .
 enter Matrix Reloaded ( and its sequel , Revolutions ) .
 the problem here be n't the special effect or the fight sequence as some may argue ; the brother have take well-develop character from the first film and hollow them out like rotten tree log .
 the connection that be first establish between viewer and on-screen character in the first film be lose when you realize these be not the same character from the first Matrix movie.To wit , Morpheus be develop as a charismatic , philosophical character with insight far exceed anyone else in the movie , but here in Reloaded -- we be present by a different Morpheus who stand hard and hollow , reduce to corny one-liner that contradict the character we see develop in the first film .
 this character just do n't feel the same , and this could also be say about the support character in the movie.The removal of 'Tank ' be also a disappointment .
 Tank 's involvement in the first film be minimal at good , but he play the role extremely well .
 in Reloaded , we discover that Tank die after the event in the first film , and he be replace by a Jar Jar Binks stunt double that could n't act to save his live ( think stale box of Kellogg 's Corn Flakes ) .
 his performance leave me chuckle throughout , and most of his speak dialog lack timing .
 there be an overwhelming sense that he be either try too hard to convey his emotion on-screen or the delivery in the script be off ; in either case , the experience be humorous !
 at time I feel embarrass for the actor....Even Neo 's Godly persona be suspect during most of the fight sequence .
 the alleyway battle with the @card@ Agent Smith clone be certainly exaggerate .
 one must wonder , for a man so gifted as Neo -- that he would even waste his time engage in such a fruitless , frivolous battle when more press matter attend ( especially when you consider his ability to fly or his ungodly ability to bend the Matrix ; certainly Neo could have dispatch the clone much quicker , and more efficiently ) .
 again , such act lend themselves to a script hinder by consistency , and scene create as filler to keep us from feel gyp .
 in jest , our expectation of the character create in the first film be discard promptly .
 sadly , for those expect more of the same -- you will certainly walk away feel gravely disappointed.However , if you take Reloaded as your standard , run-of-the-mill action movie , and forget the incredible story inconsistency and the untwining of already-established character development from the first film , you should walk away feel quite pleased .
 not sure if I be refer to those who label this a video nasty or to the director...'Devil Hunter ' sure be one bizarre 'horror ' movie.The plot be a loosey goosey combo of superior film like 'Cannibal Ferox ' and 'Cut and run .
 ' Chick get kidnap in the 'jungle ' by a 'tribe ' of 'savages .
 ' the jungle look more like a park somewhere in Mexico .
 the tribe be like a group of hippie who walk around in Party City-style Halloween costume rendition of tribal garb .
 and the savage range in race from white to Asian to black to Hispanic .
 I suppose Franco just grab anyone who look even slightly ethnic for this romp.To make matter worse , this film have ultra-minimal gore , no real scare and a lot of unnecessary penis .
 not fun .
 I can find something to like in just about any sleazy Italian or Euro-trash film ; this one just fall WAY short.2 out of @card@ , kid .
 if I could give it less that @card@ I would .
 do not bother to rent ; if someone give you the DVD burn it.This be horrible movie making .
 a total waste of even digital 'film ' .
 I have see good on Youtube make by @card@ year old boy .
 Lommel claim to have write this , if that be the case he be a classic case of someone who be illiterate in two language .
 the story line be none existent , the dialog be mainly scream , the camera work be some sort of attempted arty flair with nonsensical cutting of totally unrelated jump to either industrial transportation scene or some sort of odd angry young woman rift.I can usually follow a less than obvious plot or see the purpose in a 'creative ' film - I like David Lynch.This one be either so far beyond my limited power of comprehension I miss it or it be totally pointless .
 I think this be a 'lets see if we can grab a title that will be come out soon and do a weird rift on it and see if we can grab some of the buck ' con job.I can see why Lionsgate even bother with this .
 totally worthless , it be so bad I will not rent any other by this same director .
 you gotta wonder how some flics ever get made.. .
 this one decide to skip with the why among many other thing and just wander off beyond the moot.And yet you have a number of decent actor do their good to pump some life into the story .
 the blue tint throughout the movie overshoot into 'yet again ' , which on its own would be depressing but here it be overkill .
 the idea that it be not a medical condition , not some house or Gypsy or trinket curse but just something that for no apparent reason start to happen to our protagonist and then to everyone else around her , just wind up be much like take a big swig out of an empty mug .
 some doppelgangers have super power but other do n't or do n't know they do ?
 it seem they be just as clueless as we are.It be a poor man 's rip-off of 'Invasion of the Body-Snatchers ' with Keifer Sutherland 's 'Mirror ' and 'The Sixth sense ' , be you to seriously botch those three together .
 a below average look video game be turn into some sort of conspiracy to have the next terrorist discover in the USA backyard .
 welcome to the lunacy of cheaply make direct to video movie .
 its full of no-name actor and actress with little valuable plot.Anyway , this strange game go on and our 'hero ' bet real money and do good at it .
 it be sort of like gambling , except the gambling part be go and it suck .
 instead its an online game with little real value and you get authority on your tail if you do good.What make it even stranger be that two strange computer program battle it out somehow and all be save in the end .
 I will leave the viewer to see how it all come to fruition.Overall , not even worth a $1 rental .
 borrow it , please .
 'D- ' This movie have some fatal flaw in it , how someone could walk through an open back door of a highly secure medical facility be unbelievable .
 then this same person just walk around the facility and enter the Dr. 's office , be just bad writing or bad editing.Very very very predictable movie.I be not sure how this film get make , except it be be film in Canada , and probably receive a government grant.I must say the person play Aaron , Cory Monteith , do a good job.Unless you be really bored and there be nothing else to watch on television then I would say it will kill some time , but otherwise , it be a movie no actor would want on their resume .
 I watch this movie for its two hour and have absolutely no idea what it be about .
 somebody get murder or maybe they do n't and maybe somebody do it or maybe they do n't .
 this bring back memory of the good old day ( bad old day ?
 ) when all CBC Canadian movie be stinker .
 lately stinker have be the exception but this confused hodge podge of trendy feminism , mind reel flash back and mumble dialogue make up for lose time .
 I have never find Margaret Atwood 's book easy to read .
 this movie continue that fine Canadian tradition .
 it be n't easy to watch .
 maybe the trendy folk at the chi chi Toronto cocktail party will pretend they like it .
 us folk in the boonies be a little less pretentious .
 the movie start quite with an intriguing scene , three people be drink and make small talk in a bar .
 all of them be make up a bit outrageous story .
 as the movie unfold , it turn out that the most outrageous story be true .
 however , beyond that the movie be not very interesting except for the scene in the bar and the scene where main secret be reveal .
 this revelation happen barely half time into the movie and frankly , not much be leave to be see .
 the rest of the time director be linger in a god forsake Russian village full of pitiful and creepy old lady .
 sure , these be fascinating and a bit shocking image , but admire them go on way too long , sacrifice any possible plot or character development .
 I find this movie as another example of either lousy or lazy movie-making , where instead of try to make an interesting story , movie maker concentrate on weirdly fascinating imagery and through in a few almost unrelated story ( case in point - meat trader 's story ) to leave the spectator to figure out all odd and end .
 on a surface it have artsy appearance , but in this particular case be nothing more than lack of talent .
 have read the other comment on this film , I would like to share my own view that this be one tough movie to see unless you be a total Brooksophile .
 I be not.When look at by a purely objective observer , the film be an unbalanced narrative that present us with more undistilled neurosis than be capable of be absorb in one sitting .
 it be quite difficult to watch .
 the Brooks character ( Robert Cole ) be so unsympathetic and unpleasant that it be hard to relate to him---let alone root for him as he stumble from one dysfunctional self-absorbed situation to the next .
 and he should NEVER do a topless scene and expect to be take seriously in a romantic context .
 no man could have that much exposed foliage and be suppose to turn on a babe like Kathryn Harrold----unless , of course , he be Albert Brooks in an Albert Brooks-controlled production.'Modern Romance ' have its amusing moments-----but they be fragmentary and infrequent .
 more often than not , I feel as if I be on a confine journey with a thoroughly dislikable person and wish that it would end already .
 it confirm the problem that can develop when too much control of a film be place in only one person---someone who lack the self-discipline to be able to step back from it and see what be clearly happening.As most people probably know , James L. Brooks , who play the director in this film , be in fact what he portray .
 six year later , he cast Albert Brooks in the very successful 'Broadcast news .
 ' James show us how Albert can shape a credible and entertaining comic performance .
 Albert allow us to see James ( generally not cast as an actor ) do a rare comic turn in a surprisingly effective manner.Fans of 'Modern Romance ' will by now have move on to the next laudatory comment about it .
 to you I say-----there be enough pain in the world without have to find it in a film intend as an entertainment .
 the movie start with a nice song Looks like a thriller , with Arbaaz Khan walk around in a suspicious way but then suddenly we be force to a comedy with the routine stupid idiot like GOLMAAL with Tusshar , Sharman , Kunal and Rajpal act like grow up kid their scene be quite funny first and then get boring there be a bored sub plot of Tanushree 's brother be kill Towards the end the film try to get serious with the villain kidnap our hero but here it get even stupid then a lengthy bashing bash climax straight out of Hera PHERI and wait , there be also a long chase in Payal 's houseThe film be so boring that it make you fall asleepDirection by Priyan be very bad music(Pritam ) be routine except the first songCinematography be bad , the film have a cheap look throughoutRajpal Yadav be good in his 1st scene where he go to pay his rent and i be happy that the actor be n't loud and over the top like other film but no , he become his usual self and get irritate most of the time Tusshar should not speak in a film , his dial delivery be terrible Sharman be the save grace , he be the sole actor who act very well in this film Kunal Khemmu try hard in his first comic film as an adult , but do n't impress much Tanushree be bad as always Arbaaz Khan get less scope and be usual Payal be a non actress Murli Sharma be terrible this movie be awful .
 I have n't laugh so hard at a movie that be unintentionally funny in a long time .
 Leno should have stick to stand up and late night tv .
 the car in the movie be cool , but the movie by itself be the dumb movie I have ever see .
 it be pathetic , the acting be horrible , and the plot could have be write by a @card@ year old .
 do n't get me wrong , jay leno be hilarious , but not in this movie !
 if Todd Sheets be to come out and admit that this movie be intend to spoof the zombie genre , I would change my rating to an eight .
 try to imagine a movie where every scene , line , and even every acting nuance be design to be a parody .
 I could probably crap out alphabet soup , rearrange what be leave of the letter , and still have a good script .
 two scene in particular come to mind when I think of this movie .
 spoiler Alert !
 one be when Mike 's dad and the other dad walk , I repeat walk down a staircase jam pack with zombie .
 this be a small staircase and even though they brush up against the flail undead , nothing happen to them .
 when they reach the end , the ex-marine turn around , say 'God you be a horny bastard ' , and shoot only one .
 the other be in the military complex .
 the girl stab a zombie with a machete and be immediately surround .
 the camera move around her for roughly forty second , while she be surround by zombie at an arm 's length away .
 she then almost casually run out from the crowd and join the other human .
 spoiler Alert Over !
 these scene must be see to be believe .
 still , I enjoy this movie as much as almost any comedy just because it be so damn funny .
 kudos to Todd Sheets for get so many people in his movie and have the drive to make it but not really for anything else .
 bill as a kind of sequel to the Full Monty , about unemployed man in Sheffield , this movie be a fake.As someone bear in Sheffield , and still with link to the city , I be extremely disappoint by this film .
 someone say it could have be set in Oklahoma , and that just about sum it up for me .
 this look like a romantic view of northern England make for the US market .
 probably many Americans - and many southern English people - do n't realize that Sheffield be a big city of around half a million inhabitant , with a sophisticated urban culture .
 in among Giants it be depict as some dreary dead-end semi-rural small town , where everyone in Sheffield seem to drink in the same old-fashioned pub , and where the people 's idea of a party be line-dancing in some village-hall lookalike .
 this be a small close-knit community , not a metropolitan city.The working-class Sheffield man be totally unlike their real-life counterpart , who be generally taciturn and communicate with each other in grunt and brief dry remark .
 they do n't chatter , and they certainly do n't sing in choirs.Even the rural setting , supposedly in the Peak District , look alien to me .
 I recognize a few place where I use to go hike , but some of the aerial shot of pylon stretch out over a bleak landscape remind me more of Wales .
 indeed , in the credit at the end I spot a reference to Gwynedd , Wales .
 the Peak district be , in the summer , crawl with walker and tourist in car .
 it be situate between two big city .
 it be not some kind of wilderness.As for the notion that a young woman could fall in love with , and lust after , Pete Postlethwaite , that be ludicrous , and could only have be a male dream .
 her reason for become his lover be never make apparent .
 none of the man be show as have a partner or family ; they exist in a vacuum.Anyone want to see a film about unemployed Sheffielders would have be lead astray .
 this Sheffield exist only in the mind of its middle-class writer and film-makers.It be a gigantic fake !
 note To All DIRECTORS : long be not necessarily good .
 this movie be incredibly long .
 however not good .
 the scene be draw out way , way , way , way , way too long .
 the sex scene be unnecessary , and often too long .
 the movie edit down to @card@ hour and @card@ minute or so would have be exceptional , but alas it become so boringly long that I can only give it a @card@ of @ord@ it be way below average.Some other problem also exist in this marathon.1 ) Ralph Fiennes play a whole family tree .
 the guy who play the Great-grandfather look nothing like him , but the Grandfather , Father and the son ( who give us constant unneeded voice over ) be all Ralph Fiennes with different facial hair and the same basic bull-headed personality .
 no one seem to notice that each of these child look like a clone of the last , even though photo of them be be snap at every turn .
 this one be minor , but if the movie have n't be @card@ week long it would n't have be so annoying.2 ) the fact that no news from Germany be even whisper for the long time about jew be round up and send off be ridiculous .
 some word would have get to them and the thought of try to run off would probably have be discuss .
 the uncle in France would surely have send warn to try and get them to leave.3 ) the love story in this movie be totally wrong .
 you be spend forever tell us this thing and the development of relationship between main character be extremely short .
 Suddenly.. .
 people be in love and almost instantly.. .
 married .
 then have child .
 then we draw thing out for @card@ century and forget about develop relationship .
 this again would not have stick out so much in a @card@ hour movie , but with time spend nothing be give to us.4 ) the end be just bad .
 I do n't want to spoil it for anyone , but you wo n't like it either...unless you be sadistic.The director/writer should be torture with have to watch this bloated garbage on a weekly basis , I mean endless loop , oops they be the same thing.I wonder if Robert Redford do anything for this movie , I mean I think Istvan Szabo must be model his direct career after him .
 long draw out movie which totally ruin any substance in the movie .
 a short description of 'The Horse Whisperer ' , and Sunshine.Sunshine , perfect title .
 if you start watch while the sun be shine it will quite possibly be well after dark when you leave .
 I have quite high hope for this film , even though it get a bad review in the paper .
 I be extremely tolerant , and sit through the entire film .
 I feel quite sick by the end.Although I be not in the least prude or particularly sensitive to tasteless cinema--I thouroughly enjoy both Woody Allen be 'Everything you ever want to Know about Sex,.. .
 ' and Michael Hanneke 's 'Funny Games'--I find the director ' obsession with this ten-year-old want to drink woman 's milk totally sickening .
 and when the film climax in an 'orgy ' where the boy drink both his mother 's milk , as well as that of the woman he have be lust after for the whole film , I almost vomit with disgust for the total perversion and sentimental pap that it is.Do n't get me wrong , I enjoy the vast majority of European cinema , as well as independently make film , so this flick should have please me enormously .
 avoid this film at all cost , it should be relegate to the annals of history as a lesson in bad cinema .
 it MIGHT have be a good movie if it have explore something more interesting rather than just the surface of a lesbian relationship if this be the meaning of the movie...it be quite predictable not mention that the two girl resemble the Russian group t.A.T.u....coincidence ?
 i do n't think so .
 there be nothing original in this movie to support it so they have to use something which be already famous.You know the recipe .
 the other actors...well,i just do n't know what their role be suppose to be .
 most of them be well - know people in Romania and i must mention some of them be not even actors(e.g.Mihaela Radulescu).SO to summarize it : 'girl band tatty'+desperate/publicity need 'actors'+ a non-existing plot+ the occasion to use bad language in order to shock= love sick....too bad...the idea be good,though...and i be seriously hold myself from comment the title.. .
 this be the most boring worthless piece of crap I have ever waste an hour of my life on .
 all I can say be thank God it be only an hour .
 over half of this 'movie ' be footage from the original 'Criminally Insane ' .
 at the very least , I be able to see the highlight from that rare exploitation classic , since for some reality-defying reason my video store only have 'Criminally Insane II ' ( as it have it , 'Crazy Fat Ethel II ' ) .
 but the rest of this movie be some of the absolute bad home-video acting and backyard filmmak you will ever see .
 why be it my video store have this and not the original ?
 why do stuff like this actually end up in video store ?
 why do people rent it and not immediately burn the copy once they have see its sheer horror ?
 why - AAUUGGHH - why , God , why ?
 unless you enjoy see annoy fruit eat an entire candy bar in an excruciatingly slow scene , or say fruit get hung from the stair railing in an even slow scene , or a character get stab sideways ( do n't ask ) multiple time in the back , or brain cell-murdering monologue about give poison tea to one 's wife and then complain that all the talk have make one be own tea go cold , or the mentally-retarded eating fly soup , or just simply want to see Crazy Fat Ethel dancing with a bloody knife in a garden : do n't watch this movie .
 repeat : do NOT watch this movie .
 do not rent this movie .
 if at all possible , do not walk past a shelf in a video store that have a copy of this movie set on it .
 you can still be save , but it be too late for me now .
 .
 .
 it make the actor in Hollyoaks look like the Royal Shakespeare Company .
 this movie be jaw drop in how appalling it be .
 turn the DVD player off be not a sufficient course of action .
 I want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face .
 I will never get that time back .
 never .
 how be it possible to create such a banal , boring and soulless film ?
 I could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium .
 write the require ten line be incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema .
 what more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting be .
 please avoid .
 it be rare that I feel a need to write a review on this site , but this film be very deserve because of how poorly it be create , and how bias its product was.I feel a distinct attempt on the part of the film-makers to display the Palestinian family as boorish and untrustworthy .
 we hear them discuss the sadness that they feel from oppression , yet the film be shoot and arrange in a way that we feel the politically oppress population be the Jewish Israeli population .
 we see no evidence that parallel the position of the Palestinian teenager .
 we only hear from other Palestinian in prison .
 I understand restriction be in place , but the political nature of the restriction be design to prevent peace.I come out of the film feel that the mother of the victim be selfish in her mourning and completely close mind due to her side of the fence , so to speak .
 she continue to be unwilling to see the hurt of the bomber 's parent , and her angry and closed-minded word cause the final meeting to spiral out of control .
 it be more realistic , in my mind , to see the Israeli mindset to be a root of the problem ; ignore plea for understanding and freedom , ignore request for acknowledgment for the process by which the Jewish population acquire the land.I have give this a two because of these selfish weakness of the mother , which normally would be admirable in a documentary , however in the light of the lack of impartiality , it all seem exploitative .
 also for the poor edit , lack of background in the actual instance , and finally the lack of proper representation of the Palestinian side .
 ultimately , it be a poor documentary and a poor film .
 I acknowledge this be partially the result of the political situation , but be oblige to note the flaw in direction regardless of the heart-wrench and sad subject matter .
 the TV guide describe the plot of SEVERED tie as thus : ' an experiment on a sever arm go awry ' so right away I think this be go to be about an arm that`s get a mind of its own as see in the BEAST WITH FIVE Fingers or the hand or someone get an arm transplant as in Body Parts .
 both premise be try and test , or to be more accurate tired and test so I be curious as to how the producer would approach the story .
 I actually think they be make an arthouse movie like Pi down to the use of B&W ; photography at the start of the film but the maker seem to have tire of this approach after @card@ second and decide to make a splatter comedy similar to the EVIL Dead .
 I`ve very little to say on this except that I dislike the EVIL dead movie and I dislike SEVERED TIES and it seem really unfair that film like this use an obscene amount of rubber when the third world be cry out for condom this movie feature a gorgeous brunette name Danielle Petty .
 she have stunning green eye , and be in the first few scene and the last scene .
 she be the only thing about this movie that be not repulsive .
 she may not have a future as an actress , because this kind of movie be the kind of offensive disaster that kill careers.The movie itself have absolutely nothing to recommend it .
 it be not a good horror film , or a good fake journalistic report , or remotely well do .
 there be no skill apparent in it 's production .
 it be like a bad student film .
 the story 's horrific element do not make you sick , it be the fact that it be so poorly do that make you sick .
 I would give this movie Zero star if I could .
 I be stay in one night and get extremely bore around @card@ a.m. so I flip aimlessly through the channel and happen upon H.B.O. where this 'classic ' be play .
 initially I be happy to have catch something at the beginning , but my happiness fade about two minute into the movie .
 the whole movie center around an unattractive man who have a fear of female , four beautiful but empty minded woman who work as waitress at his uncle 's diner , and his enormously fat and extremely miserable cousin who also work at the diner .
 there be a few strange twist in this movie that make it somewhat interesting , but certainly not worth watching .
 basically , if you have nothing to do some night or just ca n't sleep medication work much well .
 however guy there be a lot of skin so it may be okay to watch with no sound , but even that can get annoy on the @card@ summer blockbuster hit BASEketball ( @card@ ) : 'This be one of those movie that be usually see on the big jumbo-tron screen in a sport bar during the day - when everyone be quite drunk .
 unfortunately , I be sober when I see this movie.'So quote the late Gene Siskel for this lame-brained , supposed yukfest that come out two week after the far superior 'There 's something about Mary ' in a one-upmanship game during July of @ord@ 'Mary ' be a gross-out fest , but in addition to the many gag , it have a lot of heart , which be why it be the high gross comedy of that memorable summer.'BASEketball ' try to outdo Mary , but it fizzle in more way that one .
 you take the creator of 'South Park , ' Trey Parker and Matt Stone , who be fortunately not behind the movie but in front of the camera , the only member of ZAZ David Zucker helm the picture in desperate need of a paycheck , and the other two Jim Abrahams and Jerry Zucker clearly stay out or probably warn him against the picture , a small bit by now @card@ year young Ernest Borgnine , waste his precious time in his distinguished career , die on a hotdog and singing 'I be too sexy ' as he videotape his will , Jenny McCarthy , who have little screen time as Borgnine 's not-too-weeping trophy widow young enough to be his granddaughter , a big female part by Yasmine Bleeth as a dedicated social worker whose charge be underprivileged youngster , and the only interesting and meaningful player in this turkey , Robert Vaughn as a corrupt archrival , and pointless cameo by 'Airplane !
 ' alumnus Kareem Abdul Jabaar and the late Robert Stack who seem nostalgic for the @card@ masterpiece and it be much fresh humor create by the ZAZ family .
 what do all these people make up ?
 a desperate cast and crew try to replicate 'Airplane !
 ' humor and mix it up with the crudity of 'South Park , ' but fail in every way.To make this long 100-minute movie short , 'BASEketball , ' a real game invent by David Zucker and his friend in his hometown of Milwaukee , be about two lazy loser ( Parker and Stone ) and their pint-sized mutual friend who invent baseball and basketball ( hence the title ) together on the driveway of one 's house .
 after Borgnine die , he bequeath the ownership of his BASEketball team , the Milwaukee Beers to Parker and Stone .
 sure enough , the game go national , and archrival Vaughn and McCarthy want to take away ownership of the Beers team from them .
 but Bleeth be in love with both man , particularly Parker , and one poor , sick charge in need of a liver transplant go ga-ga over them .
 those be the character , not strongly developed.Now witless gag ensue .
 blood , electroshock hair , egg-throwing and scream be among them .
 Parker and Stone nearly kill the youngster in the hospital , but he pull through the liver transplant .
 Borgnine sing and rub ointment on his chest in the videotaped will .
 McCarthy , who seem to get over Borgnine 's death by choke on a frank right away , quickly massage Vaughn in the next scene .
 cheerleader dance in skimpy outfit .
 there be plenty of music on the soundtrack that be play for the hard of hearing .
 and David Zucker force the parody of 'Riverdance ' and 'Titanic .
 ' Parody force be nothing new to ZAZ , post 'Airplane !
 ' and 'The Naked Gun ' series.And like Siskel , I be sober as well , but I be also get sleepy .
 this movie should be play over and over to coarse-mannered barroom patron who enjoy it as they chug down beer , but will they remain alert and awake , or pass out during the unfunny part ?
 if they pass out , then they wo n't realize that they be luckily miss stupidity and absurdity .
 hat off to them !
 WARNING:I advise anyone who have not see the film yet to not read this comment.Although I have n't see them all,The Hamilton sure do deliver one lowsy piece of entertainment,which it do not entertain me at all !
 !
 !
 !
 I think that in common with the semi-bad acting,stupid plot scheme,and the twist at the end of the movie,which be very retarded,this movie suck !
 !
 !
 Okay,so supposively these be people who eat other people.Yeah......notice I say people not humans,not because they be n't human,or wait I think they are,OH No WAIT,THEY DIDN'T Tell you !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 so okay,are these people cannibals,or be they imbreds,or what be THEY !
 !
 !
 !
 I mean,maybe they be just 'THINGS ' that come here to see what people taste like or,are they cannibal who have eat people for a long time now,or maybe this movie be HHOORRIIBBLLEE !
 !
 which it WAS !
 !
 !
 so if you think the Hamilton be good,I ask of you,why,why,WHY,WHY,why be it so awesome,because to me it be just flat out terrible !
 !
 !
 one big BOOOOOOO for the Hamilton !
 !
 !
 go see the Gravedancers,Tooth & Nail,or Borderland for a piece of entertainment !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 why bother see this movie , if you have great movie to see .
 it be a total waste of time and money .
 the movie be so bad that I feel bad for want to watch it .
 everything in it be Bad .
 actor be bad .
 script be really bad .
 the story be stupid .
 and the bad CGI EVER .
 the only good moment be the first @card@ second of the movie in the strip club .
 one interesting thing that , there be a characther that we wish that he die because , he be so stupid that we get enough of him.(I do n't remember the name but be the BOYFRIEND of the 'Chosen One'.)NOTE:If you want to see a good movie , this movie be n't the right choice .
 0-Stars out of @card@ I watch this film version of R.D. Blackmore 's classic novel as a substitute until the @card@ A&E ; version be release on video .
 and what a poor substitution it prove to be !
 !
 !
 !
 this version do not have the authentic , I-feel-like-I'm-there aspect of the A&E ; movie .
 the actor be , for the most part , wooden ( with Sean Bean the exception ) and the 'romance ' seem force and contrive .
 in fact , there be no kissing until the end of the movie !
 !
 !
 !
 the triangle between John Ridd , Lorna Doone ( or Lady Lorna Dugal , whichever you prefer)and the evil Carver Doone be n't mention or expand upon .
 we do n't get much insight into Carver here , or as to why he have some ( if any ) romantic feeling for Lorna .
 this movie cut out many of the key and interesting character of the novel , such as Counsellor Doone , and John 's sharp-tongued young sister Lizzie which be crucial to the plot .
 the screenplay itself be lack in conviction .
 the political intrigue also do n't figure in the script .
 the way Lorna come into be with the Doones be n't true to the original story .
 now , do n't get me wrong , Clive Owen be a handsome and talented actor ( watch Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation ) but he come across as bland and stoic throughout , and long hair ( it may have be a bad wig ) just do n't suit him !
 !
 !
 !
 Polly Walker be a lovely and accomplished actress ( see Enchanted April and Patriot Games , in which she also costar with Sean Bean ) , but she appear colorless and lackluster .
 she have a cold sore on her lip that make-up ca n't hide , and the costume do n't seem authentic .
 the late Robert Stephens do a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Doone , although he only refer to Lorna as his favorite rather than his granddaughter , which she be repute to be in the book .
 also , it seem to me that Owen and Walker be too old for their role ( maybe it be the make-up ) and the scenery be brown , cold , gray and barren , without so much of a hint of a sunny sky .
 I understand that it be set in Southwest England , but it be green there and they do get their sunshine !
 !
 !
 the portrayal of Tom Faggus ' character and his 'death ' , which do n't happen in the novel , depress the film even more .
 the one positive note be Sean Bean 's performance as Carver .
 although it do n't even come close to match Aidan Gillen 's portrayal in the A&E ; movie , Bean do make one mean villain .
 in short , watch this only if you have get a few hour to kill , but do n't expect anything exciting or for it to be true to the novel .
 see any other version ( but I highly recommend A&E ; 's film ) over this tired adaptation .
 I have two very major complaint regard this film.1 .
 that my local rental store shelve what be very clearly a soft core porn in the 'suspense ' category .
 ( have I know what it be , I would not have waste my time rent it in the first place .
 and yes , this movie be a soft core porn.)2 .
 the title have nothing to do with the movie .
 no one in this movie do anything that be either deviant or obsessive , let alone a combination of the two.Actually , make that three major complaints:3 .
 that I for some reason watch the movie long enough to discover point number two on this list .
 boy do I regret that .
 stay away from this movie .
 learn from my mistake .
 this movie be valueless on virtually every level .
 vampire V .
 zombie starts with the breaking news that the unidentified disease that be spread across America leave the sufferer with homicidal & cannibalistic tendencies.. .
 Travis Fontaine ( C.S. Munro ) & his teenage daughter Jenna ( Bonny Giroux ) listen to the radio as they drive along the isolated backwoods road to try & escape the disease when Travis run over a guy who I assume be mean to be a zombie .
 slightly further down the road he stop to help Julia ( Brinke Stevens ) & her teenage daughter Carmilla ( Maratama Carlson ) who be wave at the side of the road , at this point there be also a third teenage girl name Tessa ( Melanie Crystal ) sit in the back of Julia 's car bind & gag .
 to me this situation would seem strange but Travis , like the trooper he be , take it all in his stride & agree to 'take ' Carmilla off Julia 's hand & , well I do n't know actually .
 so , with a complete stranger , Travis drive off leave Julia & Tessa .
 Carmilla seem like a nice girl but she turn out to be a Vampire & she like to bite people & turn them into Vampires , oh & she be partial to a bit of lesbianism too .
 Travis , Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel while some guy who call himself the General ( Peter Ruginis ) who appear to be some sort of Vampire killer & probably have something to do with it all but the film be such a mess it do n't really matter & I really do n't know how to carry on this plot outline as my head hurt just think about it...Co-edited , co-executive produce , write & direct by the supremely untalented Vince D'Amato Vampires V .
 zombie be one of the bad horror film ever & therefore one of the bad film ever period .
 the script by D'Amato be apparently base on a classic story entitle 'Carmilla ' by Sheridan Le Fanu ( he should sue ) & be an absolute mess , the hole in the plot & logic be so big you could drive a tank through them !
 what be the disease that turn people into zombie ?
 why be Carmilla a Vampire ?
 who be Julia to her ?
 who the hell be the General ?
 what do he want ?
 where be Travis & Jenna go ?
 how can Travis run a man over & yet not have the slight bit of human emotion over it ?
 what be with the mental ward at the end ?
 there be also some confusing & unnecessary dream sequence just to annoy the viewer even more .
 there be just so many thing wrong with this film , the narrative do n't make a blind bit of sense , the concept be terrible & never really explain properly plus it be incredibly boring .
 I have not one positive thing to say about Vampire V .
 zombie , not one .
 forget about any Vampires fighting Zombies because it just do n't happen , tell me again why be this film call Vampires V .
 zombie ?
 Director D'Amato have serve up one of the most incompetent , rubbishy , badly make , poorly think out & excruciatingly painful viewing experience ever make .
 vampire V .
 zombie really have no redeeming quality at all , there be not one single aspect that I can praise .
 the gore be really fake look , there be some blood splat which look like red water , some really cheap stake effect & a half decent climax where the zombie feast on Carmilla 's & Jenna 's intestine , this fairly gory scene be probably the good part of the whole wretched film but it only last for a couple of minute & in no way make up for the other turgid 85.The budget on Vampires V .
 zombie must have be small , in fact do it even have a budget because most of it be set on a road in a couple of car .
 this be one of the most badly make horror film it have be my misfortune to watch , the entire thing just suck .
 the acting be predictably awful , & I mean awful.There be n't much else leave to say , Vampires V .
 zombie be easily one of the bad film ever make .
 the ( V ) next to the title on the IMDb 's main page for Vampires V .
 Zoimbies indicate that it go straight to video , well that be far too good for this pile of crap as it deserve to go straight on the near fire .
 I be sorry to say that this film be indeed bad .
 it remind me of a c-grade porn movie with one major difference : no porn.The story and dialogue need a complete overhaul .
 maybe then the bad acting would not have be as noticeable .
 at the very least , the pace should have be pick up.While I accept that this have a low budget and the director do a good job visually give what little resource he have , he should have spend more time on the story or well yet , get someone else to write it .
 many of the action scene be just pointless.It be a complete waste of my time .
 just because an event really happen do n't mean that it will make a good screenplay/ movie .
 the Cat 's Meow , by Peter Bogdanovich claim to be base on actual event which happen on a cruise host by William Randolph Hurst .
 the writer pay more attention to create a bizarre cast of character than take time to create a story for the bizarre character to inhabit .
 the key moment of the story seem implausible ; for example , when Hurst accidentally shoot the producer , believe him to be Chaplin .
 base a key element of a story on someone wear the wrong hat be trite and contrived .
 the story attempt to be a dark comedy , but the Cat 's Meow miss an important piece of this equation , comedy .
 there be also a lack of empathy for any of the character .
 it hardly matter who be shoot , who be kill , who be guilty and who be innocent .
 there be not a strong character to cheer for .
 as a result the conflict be difficult to care about and the eventual outcome be incidental .
 I have always be interested in anything about Bigfoot , so when I be browse around look for a movie to rent , this one catch my eye .
 it be the WORST $4.50 I have ever spend and I want my money back !
 please do n't waste your money on this !
 !
 this be one of the cheap movie I have ever see .
 the entire movie be so incredibly boring and I find myself roll my eye a lot and I do n't even watch it all the way through .
 I just get feed up with it .
 the act be horrible , the effect be horrible , everything be just really bad and tasteless .
 it all add up to be a really bad , boring movie and total waste of time and money .
 I hope that one day they will make a good movie about Sasquatch , but until then , I will have to sit through countless cheap dud like this one to find the real masterpiece .
 what a pathetic movie.I wo n't waste much time comment about it .
 I be still try to get back the couple hour I waste on it.Let me leave it simply with - Shaq have No Business be an actor or singer .
 he be utterly without talent at both discplines .
 it be a crying shame that substantially more talented people waste away in community theatre and karaoke bar while Shaq use his name as a basketball player to undeservedly get cast in movie and cut CDs.Much of the failure of this movie be the pathetic no-talent that be Shaq .
 a family of terrible people must remain in a house for a week or else they will lose their inheritance which will go to the servant who will only get their inheritance if they agree to stay on and keep the house in order .
 people die ( and so will you if you try to sit through this ) if you have ever have any desire to see bad actors- many with ill fitting dentures-act or attempt to act in a bad horror movie this be your chance .
 this be just awful .
 its so bad I think Al Adamson , one of the bad director ever , direct it , but I be wrong.Its so bad I do n't want to say anything more about it , not because it be n't polite but because once I start I may not be able to stop.avoid Quite what the producer of this appalling adaptation be try to do be impossible to fathom.A group of top quality actor , in the main well cast ( with a couple of notable exception ) , who give pretty good performance .
 Penelope Keith be perfect as Aunt Louise and equally good be Joanna Lumley as Diana .
 all do well with the script they be given.So much for the good .
 the average would include the set .
 Nancherrow be nothing like the house describe in the book , although bizarrely the house they use for the Dower House look remarkably like it .
 it be clear then that the Dower House be far too big .
 in the late part , the writer decide to bring the entire story back to the UK , presumably to save money , although with a little imagination I have no doubt they could have recreate Ceylon.Now to the bad .
 the screenplay .
 this be such an appallingly bad adaptation be hard to find word to condemn it .
 Edward do not die in the battle of Britain but survive , blind .
 he make a brief appearance then commit suicide - why ?
 ?
 Loveday have change from the young woman totally in love with Gus to a sensible farmer 's wife who can give up the love her life with barely a tear ( less emotional than Brief Encounter ) .
 Gus , a man besotted and passionately in love , be prepare to give up his love without complaint .
 Walter ( Mudge in the book ) turn from a shallow unfaithful husband to a devoted family man .
 Jess be make into a psychologically disturb young woman who wo n't speak .
 aunt Biddy still have a drink problem but now without any justification .
 the Dower House be occupy by the army for no obvious reason other than a very short scene with Jess who have a fear of armed soldier .
 whilst Miss Mortimer 's breast be utterly delightful , I could not see how their display on several occasion move the plot forward .
 the delightfully name Nettlebed become the mundane Dobson .
 the word limit prevent me from continue the list.There be a sequel ( which I lose all interest in watch after this nonsense ) and I wonder if the change be make to create the follow on story .
 it be difficult to image that Rosamunde Pilcher would have approve this grotesque perversion of her book ; presumably she lose her control when the right be purchase .
 it be incredible that with all of the countless crime that have be uncover and lay unequivocally at the doorstep of Marxism , from the Berlin Wall to the Gulag archipelago to the cultural revolution to the Khmer Rouge , one still find admirer of communist totalitarianism in Hollywood and be still make propaganda in its favor .
 it just show the moral depravity of Hollywood.In this particular film a psychotic murderer be glorify .
 needless to say that neither his crime nor his psychotic proclamation be include .
 that both the director and the actor expect audience to sit through this seemingly interminable propagandistic film demonstrate the tunnel vision that they have in regard to their object of worship .
 this be among the STUPIDEST and PREACHIEST of the anti-nuke film out of the 1980s.The idea that a kid and a basketball star could 'change the world ' be pretty far-fetched , give how many 'children 's peace march ' and 'celebrity protest ' there be and ARE.But the idea that the Soviet Union would agree to a total nuclear disarmament , because some apparatchik kid learn of a 'silent protest ' in the West , be ludicrous.What end the Cold War ?
 America 's tough , dare I say 'Reaganesque ' stance and the internal failure of socialism .
 it be NOT the peace march , the 'die-ins ' or film like 'Amazing Grace & Chuck ' , 'Miracle Mile ' , or 'Testament ' .
 Tashan - the title itself explain the nature of the movie.This type of movie be actually make for flop .
 what a shame that Yash Raj Films produce such movie those be worthless than C-grade movie .
 or even some C-grade movie have good and please story than Tashan .
 the much hyped and over-confidently promote Tashan poorly bomb at the box-office which it certainly deserved.In my view , this be the bad movie ever make from honourable Yash Raj Films ' banner .
 how come they handle such a heavy project to new Vijay Krishna Acharya who have no actual sense of make action flick ?
 he try to imitate Sanjay Gadhvi 's way of make like Dhoom but he suffer at last .
 the action scene be more like than comic or cartoon movie make for exhaust the audiences.The story also lose in its meaning and substance to tenderly win the audience ' heart .
 in most scene Anil Kapoor remind me of southern Tamil star Rajnikant in his body language and wordly expression .
 I be not a fan of neither Saif nor Akshay , but the award of Kareena should have finally go to Saif' 's hand instead of Akshay .
 just from the start point I expect of it , but at the end it displease me with the climax truth .
 Saif be the main behind the whole adventure , while Akshay join in the midst .
 in any movie , the final should be judge with the whole character of the entire story and the award or say reward should be give to the one who deserve credit .
 and Tashan lose in this way , and unexpectedly fail to become a hit.Akshay 's have nothing new to show off his comedian talent here but still remind of his previous movie .
 he seriously need to form a new image to his fan that would impress them again and again .
 in between Saif do a great job in Race , and now he return again in his hilarious nature through this movie .
 but he have fully develop himself in the acting field .
 and last but not the least about Kareena .
 she look really hot with bikini dress of which some complain as she become too lean .
 but I myself do n't think so , instead she become slim .
 yes slim !
 !
 !
 it be a good factor for a female to attract the major people ( or say , male ) .
 beside them it be nice that Saif 's son Ibrahim appear in the beginning & last as young Saif .
 I hope now he too will lean forward in target of make act as his career.Those who like this Tashan they be either mentally immatured or still want to go back to childhood , or say want to be admit in an asylum .
 thumb down to debutante director Vijay Krishna Acharya who mishandle the project offer by Yash Raj Films .
 in future he should experiment and study the script minimum of @card@ year before go into practical directions.Sorry , I do n't like to rate good star to this type of junk movie .
 Rachel , Jo , Hannah , Tina , Bradley and John be all on top form here .
 they deserve oscar nomination for their performance .
 I be a great fan of the tv show aswell .
 their music rock and they be all so talented !
 I be also a great exponent of SARCASM !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 if YOU'RE an S Club Fan do NOT Read This !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 the performance be terribly weak , the dialogue be terrible and the joke be not even execute properly ( i feel sorry for the director ) .
 the joke be so unbelievably bad that @card@ little , passionate S Club fan be n't laughing .
 they think they could do it good .
 and they do .
 they conquer the world .
 they become S Club Juniors .
 Paul , 'the fat , ugly one who start a mosh band ' must be thank his lucky star that he leave when he do .
 one of the bad movie ever make .
 beware of This Movie !
 do NOT Go and See it !
 you WON'T LAUGH !
 you Will CRY !
 @card@ RJT this be a terrible movie , terrible script , bad direction and nonsensical end .
 also , bad performance , except from Clancy Brown who be criminally underuse here , and Michael Pollard .
 watch this movie be purgatory--you do it to unload enough bad movie karma to actually see a good one further down the line.The movie present a father and son who look like they could n't every possibly have be relate .
 the part of the male lead be not well write and seem uncharismatic in this role .
 you can see the plot point a mile away .
 the action of the female lead and that of her brother , the cop , also make no sense .
 so , a major action on her part at the end of the movie make no sense script-wise .
 okay .
 so there be n't really that many great movie around .
 Recent gem like American dream , the Straight Story and even Toy Story @card@ do n't normally come so close together .
 but boy ( !
 ) do this film counter-balance the quality.I have No idea what these people think they be do .
 be the financier in this world so easily convince to fund such a crock of **** ?
 I can just see it now...Producer - 'So we have get Joe Fiennes .
 he be cute as a button and be pretty good in Shakespeare in Love .
 and we have get Rhys Ifans , who be n't cute but be cool in Notting Hill .
 we will mix in a really mediocre score , a few forgettable post-Britpop tune , hemlock root and lizard brain and hey presto you have get the bad film of the new millennium.And believe me , it be gonna be a hard job to make anything as bad as this in the next thousand years.'The Bank - 'I like it !
 any unnecessary sex ?
 bad camera movement ?
 and what about the bad accent this side of Devil 's Own ?
 'Producer - 'Yeah , we get plenty of those.'The Bank - 'Sounds great , where do we sign ?
 'Please .
 I will tell you what happen , some people with money think it would be nice to ruin one of the good show that be on TV .
 do we really need a big screen re-make ?
 do they ask the fan ?
 I wonder how all the fan would feel if they do a remake of 'Rocky Horror Picture Show ' with actor like Ashton Krutcher , Steve Martin , Britney Spears , and Kiefer Southerland , take out all the music , and make it a drama .
 do you think they would like that !
 this movie do not have the same feel to it that the original have .
 sure the original be a bit corny at time , but Bo and Luke be always nice , they get into trouble because they be always set up to get into trouble , and their main objective be to help people that pass through town .
 none of that matter to the people that make this film , they might have never even see the original show all the way through .
 my big question be , what will they ruin next ?
 my first clue about how bad this be go to be be when the video case say it be from the people who bring us Blair Witch Project which be a masterpiece in comparison to this piece of garbage .
 the act be on the caliber of a 6th grade production of Oklahoma and the plot , such as there be , be predictable , boring and inane .
 @card@ % of the script be four letter word and innumerable variation on them .
 Mother F seem to be the 'writer 's ' favorite because it be use constantly .
 it must have take all of @card@ minute to write this script in some dive at last call .
 thank God I rent it and could jump through most of it on fast forward .
 do n't waste your time or money with this .
 I ca n't say this be the bad movie ever make , but personally I think of it that way because when it be originally release in theater , ( 1 ) the initial buzz be positive enough that my girlfriend insist we go see it , and we actually STOOD in Line to get ticket , and ( 2 ) it be still the only 'serious ' film I recall where the audience start snicker at a certain point and basically laugh at the movie the rest of the way through .
 once we reach the infamous ( and interminable ) snake fight scene , I think everyone give up.The only positive I can concede be the lush location shooting .
 oh , and there be also Bo 's breast , although her acting be so wooden that the nudity be unerotic and do n't rate much more than a Playboy pictorial.The 'dramatic tension ' in this film be between Bo 's terrible acting and her husband 's horrible direction .
 the snake fight have to be one of the most incompetent 'action ' sequence ever film .
 however , this be one of those film that be bad enough , it may be worth watching on the level of unintentional humor .
 definitely the bad film I ever pay to see .
 this be n't a film , it be a 111-minute evangelical Christian sermon drape over red state America 's #1 sport , high school football .
 another of the long , earnest message to the converted who be then presume to be fire up enough by the spirit to go abroad and convert their unsaved neighbours.Dialogue like 'You win the big one when you accept Christ ' lose any possible camp appeal by the disturbing intensity in director/Coach Alex Kendrick 's sunken black eye .
 then there be the 'parables'.Two farmer pray for rain but only one prepare his field to receive it .
 which one do you think God bless ?
 this rhetorical question be mean to foreshadow the miraculous climax , in the course of which Coach ask his trepidous back-up kicker , 'Son , do you think God could help you make that kick ?
 ' it be the kind of entertainment we could have expect would receive faith-based funding ad infinitum , if only the Evangelical Christian Bush Administration 's hegemonic pursuit around the world have convince us all to become 'devout ' after their example .
 behold that poor Giants coach in the apocalyptic finale , urge his team on cry 'Who be with me !
 ' while the devout Eagles on the other side be quietly go about do the Lord 's work.So , do you think our terrify back-up make his kick to vanquish those self-centrist Goliath ?
 well , we all know zealot ca n't lose .
 put it this way : transfer the play ground to the desert of the Middle East , replace the Christian proselytize , and this virulent nonsense can easily be repackage as a Taliban-vs-Superpower parable , which the devout worshipper of this garbage might want to think about a minute.Luckily they wo n't care , nor need to : like Coach tell his team of earnest empty vessel pregame , the answer be all right here in this book .
 and the Christian Right will devour this on their way to their rapture , that final victory they have prepare their field for .
 well , I buy the Zombie Bloodbath trilogy think it would be mindless gory fun .
 that be what it be , without the fun .
 this film truly be mindless , it be absent of any plot or character development , or any sort of storyline .
 the basic problem with this movie be the kill and gore .
 basically , every kill look exactly the same .
 zombie rip someone apart .
 yeah , that be okay , but you need some original kill too .
 I mean it get really lame , every kill look exactly the same , film exactly the same way .
 Thats what kill me .
 I love gore , and the gore in this film do nothing for me .
 it be just boring .
 no storyline , just the same lame scene over and over again with a different person .
 I want to like this movie , too .
 I love shot on video gore movies...like Redneck Zombies .
 but I could n't kid myself .
 this film have it be good point , but none of those be in the film .
 I understand that many of the 'zombies ' help out with the flood and there be like over @card@ zombie , which be pretty cool how they get so many people involve and help out in the world .
 but overall , this be a terrible film .
 load with fine actor , I expect much more from 'Deceiver ' than be deliver .
 the plot be extremely contrived and manipulative .
 the many flashback only add to the confusion .
 believability fly out the window and with the ending become unbearable and downright ridiculous .
 I would strongly advise anyone who like their movie plot to be base on something that be at least possible to avoid 'Deceiver ' because you will be very frustrate .
 maybe I be just not hip enough to get it , but my suspicion be that many other be totally confuse by the story line and especially by the ending .
 blur the line between reality and lie simply do not work because the entire movie make no sense .
 - Merk minor SPOILERS !
 Well i just sit up late and watch this film , mainly because i enjoy and rate some of Singleton 's early work like 'Boyz n the hood ' .
 however , i have to say this be a major disappointment and be everything i hate about contrived , clichd , so-called 'message ' movies.The acting be mainly poor,(pop star and model do NOT necessarily make good actors...take note ) , the situation hard to swallow , ( rape victim become overnight lesbian ?
 ...please !
 ) , but bad of all it reinforce every screw up stereotype you can think of .
 by the second half of the film it have become cartoon like in its characterisation , make you lose any shred of empathy you may have have for its one-dimensional players.Not once be any valid point make about the inherent cause of racism and cultural , sexual and political ignorance .
 as a result it merely end up sensationalising the result of these problem .
 it be message be contradictory , result in a sense of confusion and a general lack of plot cohesion .
 as for the film conclusion i find it predictable , embarrassing , exploitative and mildly offensive .
 for a film call 'Higher Learning ' i have to say all i learn be to avoid see this ever again.If you want a true comment on some of the theme that this film completely fail to elaborate upon then go hire 'American history X'....unless you be just watch it for Tyra Banks then go hire a life .
 an actress make a movie in Africa be kidnap and take into the jungle where she be hold for ransom .
 the producer hire some one to go and bring her back .
 complicate everything be the cannibal in the jungle who worship a really ugly look 'god ' who like to eat naked women.This be a gory sleazy movie .
 there be copious amount of nudity and violence , not to mention violence against nude people .
 its an exploitation film design to appeal to the deep dark part of our being , and if the movie be n't so bore this film would be a classic .
 let face it , despite the gore , the nasty sex and abuse,and the ugly monster this movie be a snoozer .
 the pace be all off kilter and it put you out .
 there be multiple plot line that all seem to be happen separately from each other , even though its ultimately all one story .
 bad of all , almost no one say anything .
 most of the minimal dialog concern the cruelty or one character protestation that 'I will do what I want ' .
 its such a quiet and dull movie that if it be n't for the frequent scream of the victim I will recommend this as a sleep aide.This be a movie to avoid unless you need sleep , or unless you need to see every Euro-cannibal movie.(An aside .
 VideoAsia just release this as part of their Terror Tales series .
 their print be oddly letter-boxed which look to be the result of take their print from a Japanese source ( there be fog ) that be crop to remove the subtitle .
 their print also have no opening title ) this have get to be the bad horror movie I have ever see .
 I remember watch it year ago when it initially come out on video and for some strange reason I think I enjoy it .
 so , like an idiot , I run out to purchase the DVD once it be released...what a tragic mistake !
 I wo n't even bother to go into the plot because it be so transparent that you can see right through it anyhow .
 I be a fan of Herschell Gordon Lewis so I be accustom to cheesy gore effect and bad acting but these people take this to a whole different level .
 it be almost as if they be intentionally try to make the bad movie humanly possible...if that be their goal , they suceede .
 if they intend to make a film that be suppose to scare you or make you believe in any way , shape , or form that it be real then they failed...MISERABLY !
 avoid this movie...read the plot synopsis and you have see it !
 this movie be some of the bad crap I have ever see .
 I literally get a sharp pain in my head while watch this movie .
 the CGI be awful , and the story be just a waste of ink .
 Dean Cain 's character be Mr-Super-Intuitive-I-can-figure-out-anything , except he ca n't seem to work his own helicopter correctly .
 the big problem be the split screen camera work .
 I feel like I be watch the Brady Bunch or something , only it be n't different people in the box , just close up and different view of the same thing .
 I can only figure that the actor really need the money , because this movie be n't worth the film it be shoot on .
 wow , what a waste of act talent .
 my husband and I sit there , both thinking , this have to get well , these actress be too good to have waste their time on this crap .
 unattractive character , hackneyed script , and listless pace make for a long two hour .
 I actually could n't hack it and leave to do the grocery shopping ( cat litter be more appealing than this film ) .
 the husband stay and confirm that it do n't get better--by the time Buddy be kill , you be wish they all would get hit by a car and end their miserable life .
 it would be infinitely more entertaining .
 beautiful scenery and costume ca n't keep this one alive .
 judge by the hype , and other review on this site , I be ready for an awesome horror movie focus on junkie .
 what i get be complete crap focus on junkie .
 I wonder if there be another movie call 'Cookers ' that these people review ?
 there be only @card@ main character , and none of them strike me as well-write or well-act .
 basically the whole movie I just spend shake my head and marvel at the stupidity of these drug addicts.Do yourself a favor .
 do n't rent this movie .
 Rent 'Cabin Fever ' or some other decent horror movie .
 hell , rent 'Mary Poppins ' !
 the animated penguin be scary and more convincing than anything you will find in 'Cookers .
 ' this movie offer nothing but the dumb conversation possible .
 as a matter of fact i most probably could not have imagine how meaningless a film , how synthetic the dialog could be until an hour ago , but then again i see this video .
 in a movie that do not depend on a powerful script , one expect to see at least good acting and tasty conversation and even some humor maybe , yet this movie lack them all .
 you hear me it lack them all .
 there be not a single point i like about this movie , none .
 i hate it .
 i be sure anyone will do so too .
 the name be intend to give the target audience some thought of nudity and stuff , yet it fail even at the nudity .
 i do n't know how but i beared to watch this thing for an hour or so , and i definitely recommend you do n't do so .
 bad movie i have see in my entire life .
 if someone offer you to watch it , ruuun awaaaaay saaaaaave your liiiiiiiiife this film be a pure failure .
 I be a Steve Martin fan , but even he ca n't save the tired idea and Swiss cheese script .
 think 'Police Academy @card@ ' and apply it to a military parody .
 Yuck.I do NOT feel the other user comment reflect the poor rating this film receive ( and rightfully deserve !
 ) .
 it be extremely mislead .
 I have often see this film mark down to $3.00 in the grocery store and now I certainly know why.If only I could get my @card@ minute back.. .
 this movie be Bad !
 it be basically an overdo copy of Michael Jackson 's Thriller video , only bad !
 the special effect consist of lot of glow in the dark paint , freaky slapstick fastmoving camera shot and lot of growl .
 I think the dog be the good actor in the whole movie .
 I have never see any of Spike Lee 's prior film , as their trailer never catch my interest .
 I have see , and admire Denzel Washington , and Jodie Foster 's work , and have several of their DVDs .
 I be , however , entirely disappoint with this movie .
 if this film be any indication of Spike Lee 's ability as a director , my advice would be to 'get a job ' , and stop waste the time and talent of others.I wonder if some of the other IMDb commentator watch the same movie that I have see .
 I can only assume , from their sappy lovelorn review , that their adoration of Spike Lee have blind them to the banality of this piece of work .
 I only pay $2.50 , in a 'Second run ' theater , and still feel I have waste my money.The IMDb 'Trivia ' page say it all.......* 'Shot in @card@ day ' -- how can you expect to shoot a big budget 'Blockbuster ' , ( as the medium hype promise ) , in such a short time ?
 no wonder there be such a weak performance by all.* 'Ron Howard be first go to direct the film.. .
 ' -- he may have do this project some justice , give more time to do so , of course .
 though the writing be atrocious , the premise have some merits.OK !
 maybe not .
 I be sorry !
 this film be so rife with pitiful clich be , implausible scene , and lousy characterization , that maybe even he could n't have make much of it .
 ( Hey Ron !
 be sure to thank Russell...Good call !
 )* 'Jodie Foster film her part in three week .
 ' -- and it show !
 her portrayal of a 'Fixer ' , who make people 's problem go away , be as unbelievable as the script she be give .
 do she even want to be there ?
 other Peeves:* how many bank robber would bother to come to the door , and inform a uniform police officer that they be inside rob the bank , and he will well keep away...or else ?
 * when 'Detective Frazier ' , ( Denzel Washington ) , come into the bank to verify there be no corpse yet , how many bank robber , without a gun , would have 'led ' a cop , ( much less 'let ' a cop ) back out to the front door , allow the police officer to walk behind him ?
 * Det .
 Frazier later claim , to have give the robber 'every reason to shoot me .
 ' why , then , in their brief struggle , do n't he even try to expose the robber 's face ?
 that may have get the response he be look for...a robber would have shoot him just to prevent late identification .
 and why do it take 'Steve , Stevie , Steve-O ' , ( the robber 's accomplice ) , so long to come and help out ?
 * I understand that these be n't your typical bank robber .
 they have a different agenda , and do n't want anyone harm .
 but the cop have no reason to think that they would n't .
 to them it be a desperate situation .
 why then , when two of the bad guy step outside to 'pick up the pizza ?
 ' , be they not take down .
 ( first of all , how many robber would have come outside without use a hostage as a shield ?
 be this Spike Lee 's version of NY City , or SNL 's ?
 ) .
 take them down would have reduce the bad guy 's number , screw up their plan , and the remain robber would more probably have give up .
 if not , there at least would be few bad guy inside .
 ( give SWAT something to do , or send them home !
 )* what police department in this country , would have allow Madeline White , ( Jodie Foster ) , to just waltz right into the bank , and discuss a matter with the robber , that she would not disclose to them first ?
 she have no authority , no governmental credential ; and besides , this be after all , 'already ' a hostage situation...add one more ?
 * why would n't the Bank CEO , ( Christopher Plummer ) , just have destroy the incriminate document a long time ago ?
 screw sentimentality !
 the diamond , he could have sold.* who be that 'schmuck ' , ( the character , not the actor ) , with the Jersey accent , that , conveniently , volunteer , and say he know the recording be '100 % Albanian ' , but yet he himself could n't speak it.....SIR !
 put YOUR Hand Down !
 and his ex-wife !
 what a 'schlump ' she be !
 !
 !
 both be totally unbelievable.* when interrogate suspect , why do Det .
 Frazier , continually harass the individual who be obviously not a part of the heist ?
 , ( i.e. - tell the elderly woman she could go , and then she could n't , then could ; then could n't ?
 ) give me a break !
 * who , after see the bank robber demand that the hostage put on jump suite , could n't deduce their escape plan include come out of the bank pretend to be some of the hostage ?
 * Near the end of the movie , a false wall be show to have be build in the supply room , behind which Clive Owens hide out for 'a week'....where do the material come from ?
 ( the drywall & stud ) .
 it be also to be assume that they cut into the sewer , so he could relieve himself .
 the bank employee have n't complain about the smell , all week long ?
 hello !
 * after such a debacle ; since the document 'had ' fall into the robber 's hand , what kind of 'references ' be Ms .
 White expect to get from the bank CEO , see that he be now to be a target for blackmail , due to her failure ?
 * and last , but certainly not least , what be with the 'Electric glide ' that Denzel do ?
 how STUPID !
 be that suppose to indicate his 'resolve ' to bring these guy to justice ?
 he look , rather , like a man who hop a ride on a shopping cart , while try to prevent a bowel movement !
 'Cheeee-Zheeee ' !
 !
 !
 !
 other than the mediocre plot ; lousy script ; bad acting ; and overall pitiful directing......yada , yada , yada.Hopefully this will give enough insight into the movie to help other decide whether to waste their money or not !
 .
 this movie be @card@ % boring , i swear i almost die from boredom at the theater .
 it wasnt funny and didnt really hve that much action in it either , it be Boring and i hope whoever out there that like this movie , god be with you in the future when you find out what this movie be really like and try to jump off a bridge or something like that I do n't think I have ever be so bowl over by the sheer absurdity of a movie in my entire life as i be when i walk out of this piece of crap .
 nothing in it make any sense .
 none of it be clever or well think out .
 out of lack of truly suspenseful moment they repeatedly use that total cop-out trick where you build up the music before the character do something like open a door or push aside a curtain and then nothing be there .
 thats OK to do once , maybe , but i count three time .
 there be thing throw in for no apparent reason , character , half-formed story lines... .
 the character be n't well develop at All .
 the end was. .
 bad .
 bad , bad , bad , everything , every component , of this film be terrible .
 and I be just here to warn you all of that .
 the Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael be bad film in every way .
 the script , the dreary pace , the lack of depth in any character , the pointless sub-plots , the dreadful acting , the needless climax all make this possibly the bad film I have ever see .
 I find nothing likable , enjoyable or intellectually stimulate in any way.I imagine the film maker think they be make something clever and dark , with its moody lighting , long protracted silence and vaguely haunt classical soundtrack .
 if so , they fail utterly .
 it just bore me , and I wish I have never watch it.Avoid at all cost .
 this incredibly overrate anime television series ( @card@ episode , @card@ minute each ) be about a 14-year-old boy ( and two of his girl classmate ) who pilot a giant robot to defend Japan against invade being call Angels .
 there be very little explanation give to the Angels or why their number have increase in recent time , and they just seem to pop out of nowhere for no apparent reason ( why not attack all at once instead of at space out interval that be convenient for the human you be attempt to destroy ?
 ) .
 the robot fight scene attempt to employ a variety of obstacle , but the action itself be poorly execute and bore to watch .
 almost every episode seem like a waste of space where nothing of interest occurs.Some might be intrigue by fan who mention the ( very few ) symbolic reference herein , but that be all they be - shallow one-liner to religious or philosophical concept that be randomly toss in with zero craftsmanship .
 as a whole the series be incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the character , who be really nothing more than self-pitying crybaby .
 the psychology be pathetic , with hopelessly simplistic conflict like 'I hate my father ' repeat over and over and over and over again with no progression beyond their face value .
 it be no understatement to say that these character plunge this series from time-wasting mediocrity to anger-inducing garbage during the final episode with their endless , angst-ride diatribe of excessively repetitive psychobabble ( some of which be totally meaningless).I be not kid when I say that this series just get bad and bad as it progress .
 every day I will look at the DVD set sit on my live room table and say to myself , 'Damn , I have gotta watch the next episode at some point .
 ( sigh ) I may as well slug through another one tonight .
 ' the real kicker be that the episode be only @card@ minute long , yet they be somehow able to digress into a completely uninteresting borefest within the opening @card@ minute .
 this be come from a guy who will happily sit through 150-minute film with glacial pace , so my criticism of this series be most damn indeed.Never in my entire life have I despise watch a series as much as 'Evangelion .
 ' I have already purchase it base off of all the fanatical comment on IMDb , and I certainly be n't go to let it collect dust after spend my hard-earn money .
 what follow be @card@ hour of pure , unmitigated torture .
 my love/hate relationship with anime be turn into a hate/love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster.'Evangelion ' represent everything anime should NOT be - massive quantity of dull , pretentious tripe under the guise of intelligent cinema .
 the universal acclaim for this piece of crap be simply unbelievable ; and the ridiculous assertion by fan that this series as 'one of mankind 's great achievement ' be probably the most stupifying comment I have ever hear on IMDb - and I have see some doozies .
 ***SLIGHT SPOILERS***A hunchback 15-year-old boy kiss a very cute 15-year-old girl and eventually he have sex for the first time .
 after the act , he lay in the bed with her not touch her .
 the next day he conclude that he do not like sex much and do not want to try it again for at least a few years.This be seemingly a fine opening for a teleplay about a boy discover his homosexuality , or perhaps a medical drama about a post-pubescent teen with a severe hormone deficiency.However , as the plot develop what emerge be a story of a 15-year-old father who be support and encourage by his overbearing mother.At one point , his mother preach to her co-worker who be not as understand as they might be , 'Every step of the way in this , my son have be amazing.. .
 I have never be more proud of him...'The young father 's old sister , who otherwise be cold towards her brother , begin to show pride in her sibling , 'You have be cool about this , ' as she give him an encouraging warm hug.The 15-year-old father want to be a father .
 he want to be a parent.Why not ?
 we see the 'new ' baby a few minute after birth -- it appear to be a healthy , happy 4-month-old infant .
 just as baby be bear on TV in the @card@ be and 1970's.Once the young father be a parent , he have find happiness .
 he insist he will be the one to change the dirty diaper .
 we see the 15-year-old father sincerely happy hold his baby while the teen 's busy=body mother be peak over his shoulder .
 fade to black .
 now I myself be a lover of the B movie genre but this piece of trash insult me to no end .
 first of all the movie be star Lizzy McGuire 's brother as the annoy little kid that go look for his lose @card@ legged dog .
 now please what kind of dumb ass mistake a three-legged dog for a god damn mutate crocodile please I ask you ?
 and heres another point for ponder , why do they show the Dinocroc on the back of the movie box be enormous and actually in the water ?
 I believe if memory serve the thing spend about @card@ minute in the water and be just shy of @card@ foot tall , that be a heart breaker .
 but redeem quality to this movie be that it be so bad that i almost die laugh because believe me the bad acting make me wish for death .
 but the fact remain that once again this thing be create by another military testing site to train super crocodile for military combat or something like that from the source of all thing evil E.V.I.L Corporation .
 and let be not forget the character let be see we have jerk off #1 as the male lead and half way decent chick ( who do n't know how to act ) as the female lead to that I say WOW !
 the only thing worse then the act be the end of course the hero spend about what seem like @card@ hour talk and plan some long elaborate way of kill the dinocroc only to have it fail and kill it in an ordinary way that could have take about @card@ second to come up with .
 all in all this movie be beyond gay with its random opera music in the background and the fact that it be probably the gay of all CGI monster ever make along with the fact it of course be impervious to bullet and bomb ( otherwise it would n't have be make for the military DUH !
 ) .
 by far the good scene be when Lizzy McGuire 's brother run into the shack and the dinocroc eat him cause his head to pop clean off with a pop noise i might add .
 I believe that you would be good off shoot yourself between the eye then to watch Dinocroc .
 and as for the director I believe that we should get a bunch of people to hang him by a noose and all take turn kick him in the crotch for waste an hour and a half of our life until he finally die and then I can go on living .
 so let me start off by say that I see this movie as part of a bargain .
 I be really bore one fine @card@ day and so I bike over to the movie rental store .
 I ask the clerk what the bad movie he have in stock be .
 without hesitation he walk me over to 'Lucky Stiff .
 ' he tell me that he will waive the $1 rental fee ( he say it would be wrong to charge more ) if I promise to watch the whole movie .
 so watch it I do , for free...This movie be terrible .
 god-awful even .
 I do n't need to go into plot detail , read the other review .
 the joke make no sense .
 the act be terrible .
 I know it be suppose to be a comedy , but the stupidity of the main character be exhausting .
 you might try to watch it as something to laugh at , but it be so bad that it be n't even funny in that way .
 avoid !
 Richard Dreyfuss be , indeed , in this flick , but in a rather small part .
 he be NOT the 'obsessed ' filmmaker - he be the group 's business manager/accountant .
 even the box describe the film inaccurately .
 there be no erotic scene with Sondra Locke , as advertise , unless one use the term 'erotic ' quite loosely .
 I would not have consider view the film without Richard Dreyfuss be in it as a major character .
 I might have , however , have I realize that the famous @card@ 's anthem , Leonard Cohen 's 'Suzanne , ' be an artistic influence .
 other than the brief recitation of line from the end of James Joyce 's 'Ulysses ' , and an interesting visual reference to the end of Ingmar Bergman 's 'The Seventh Seal , ' I find it a poor attempt to meld symbolic element and mood immortalize in film like 'Last year at Marianbad ' and 'Un Chien Andalou .
 ' if you like the idea of the eccentric artistic troupe , there be many superior film , range from 'Bye , Bye , Brasil ' to 'Cecil B. Demented .
 ' Penn take the time to develop his character , and we almost care about them .
 however there be some real problem with the story here , we see no real motivation for the evil brother 's behavior , and the time line be screw up .
 supposedly set in @card@ , the music be late 60s/early 70s .
 the reference and dialogue be 70s/80s .
 the potential for a powerful climax present itself , and Penn allow it to slip away .
 but even with all these difficulty it be worth the watch , but not great .
 it be a waist to indulge such great actor in such a weak and boring movie .
 besides all the unanswered question post in the other comment , what be so difficult about capture the robber ?
 just eliminate the bank worker , see who be at the bank-from all the camera ' footage angles-prior to the robber entry and you have those extra @card@ remaining robber among the hostage .
 where be the suspense every body be talk about ?
 it be so obvious the moment the hostage be ask to change into this identical uniform that they be all go to walk out the front door.. .
 see it many time .
 at least Mr .
 Spike Lee could have season the movie with some good music score and artistic shooting .
 the movie be not worth it .
 pronto !
 end of the World be an uneventful movie , which be odd since it be suppose to be about the total destruction of the earth .
 the main character be some kind of scientist , I be not exactly sure what kind .
 he have two job at a government( ?
 ) facility guard by four security man .
 his first job be monitor transmission to and from space ( although this actually seem more like a hobby he do when not work on job #2 ) .
 job #2 require him to put on a protective suit and go into a dark room...at least that be the good I can figure .
 apparently the 'plant ' be not exactly top-secret , as the scientist bring his wife there .
 she hang out ( they be on their way to a dinner ) while he discover a message from space : Major Earth Disruption , repeat over and over .
 he say something about it be the first message from space he have ever be able to decipher ; his wife tell him they be go to be late for the dinner party .
 so they leave and go to the party ( !
 ?
 !
 ) .
 moment later he find out that China have suffer a major earthquake .
 from there , the movie goes.. .
 nowhere !
 yes , Christopher Lee be in it , but that really do n't help much .
 besides , Lee give a lackluster performance along the line of his appearance in Howling II .
 this movie be boring , but it have enough stupid element that you might want to suffer through it once if you like Christopher Lee or Z-grade sci-fi .
 plus , there be lot of stock footage of the earth be destroy .
 I have come to realise from watch Euro horror , especially film make by cult luminary Jess Franco , that you ca n't expect a plot that make much sense .
 however , Franco have go overboard with this film ; and despite a surreal atmosphere , and the film 's reputation as one of the director 's good - Succubus be unfortunately be a truly awful film .
 I have get to admit that I see the American cut version , which run at about @card@ minute ; but unless it be just the logic that be cut , I be sure the longer European version be just as boring .
 the plot have something to do with a woman maraud around ; practice S&M ; and talk rubbish , and it be all really boring .
 there be no gore and the sex be dull , and most of the runtime be take up by boring dialogue and despite the fact that this be a short film ; I have difficulty make it all the way to the end .
 I have to say that the location look good and Franco have do a good job of use his surreal atmosphere ; but the positive element end there .
 Jess Franco be definitely a talented director that have make some classic trash film - but this look like it be one he make for the money , and overall I recommend skip it and see some of the director 's more interesting work .
 'Fungicide ' be quite possibly the most incompetent , embarrassing , pitiful 'film ' I have ever see .
 the acting be criminal , the direction practically non-existent , and the special effect presumably put together by unleash a monkey with learn difficulty on a defenceless laptop computer.Far be it from me to stifle creativity , but I actually believe thing like this should n't be make .
 I be sure the 'film'-makers will say that , yes , the 'film ' be hamper by a low ( as in nothing ) budget - but in that case they just really should n't have bother .
 as it be , they have offer the world something so dire , so execrable , that only imbecile could get the merest shade of enjoyment from it.Starting the 'movie ' it be n't as though I be expect 'Citizen Kane ' or anything .
 I be expect a low budget little horror with perhaps a modicum of inventiveness , a hint of fun , and even some energy .
 what I get be the cinematic equivalent of a use handkerchief.The plot ?
 well , our leer antihero scientist , who work in his parent ' basement , be see manically stir some goo in a cup .
 apparently , such high-level science be the end-result of year of research .
 his parent then send him off to a strange hotel-type place in the countryside to relax .
 there be some other people there , who be simply too awful to write about .
 anyway , the scientist drop his test-tube onto some mushroom - and soon the mushroom grow and kill some people .
 ( wow , I be get suicidal just write the plot summary ) .
 our hero save the day by detonate a barrel of balsamic vinegar ( by attach a 'fuse ' - really a piece of string - to it ) .
 the barrel unaccountably explode with the power of a small nuclear weapon , destroy all the mushroom .
 the end .
 ( thank goodness).That summary be as good as the 'film ' get ( and actually make it sound a lot more interesting than it actually be ) .
 it really should never have get past this stage of development ( by which I mean a plot outline scribble on the back of an envelope with crayon ) .
 somebody should have really step in and give someone a vigorous shake and say 'NO.'And those 'special ' effect .
 well , they be 'special ' all right .
 this be CGI go crazy .
 and do by a person who I can only assume believe the bicycle pump to be the pinnacle of modern technology .
 and when the mushroom monster be not in the style of a @card@ home computer graphics package , they be represent by actor shuffle along cover in a sheet ( I kid you not).One of the most inexcusable thing about the movie be its laziness .
 this can be sum up by the scene in which the hero spin his gun ( a la Clint Eastwood ) and then fail miserably to get them in his pocket .
 I mean come on , a couple of retake and he could have pull it off , but just to leave it as it be - really weak.I can believe money be spend on this camcorder-shot rubbish .
 the 'film'-makers should hang their head in shame and be ban from go within fifty metre of any movie-making equipment.I also think it be wrong that friend and family of the maker come onto IMDb and post mendacious review and give stupidly high user rating which give a totally inaccurate picture of the 'movie .
 ' 'Fungicide ' be an absolute travesty of film-making .
 Mr Wascavage be either very , very stupid or very , very cynical .
 another of many nearly forget movie crank out by Poverty Row in the @card@ be , resurrect by the magic of DVD.Starring stock Universal player Lionel Atwill ( often a support actor in numerous Frankenstein movie ) as a pair of twin involve in a murder racket .
 one kill the victim ( stockbroker involve in a scam ) and ask witness for the exact time , while the other be deaf and be proved 'innocent ' because he could not have speak to witnesses.Of course , where it fall apart be if it be a congenital deafness , would n't they both be deaf ?
 oh , well.Atwill do a pretty good job here , fake being deaf and mute .
 unfortunately , no one else here can really act worth a darn .
 while William Shater can always make me smile in anything he appear in , ( and I especially love him as Denny Crane in Boston Legal ) , well , this show be all about glitz and dancing girl and scream and jump up and down.It have none of the intelligence of Millionaire , none of the flair of Deal or no Deal.This show be all about dancing and stupid thing to fill in the time.I watch it of course just to check it out .
 I do watch it for over @card@ minute , then I have to turn it off.The good part of it be William Shatner dancing on the stage .
 he be a hoot !
 !
 !
 unfortunately , this show Will NOT Make IT.That be a give have read the comment on the site I feel compel to write in for the first time .
 it seem this movie be like Marmite and have split the audience .
 I have to say that while I agree film do n't have to make sense to be enjoyable ( see Mulholland drive ) they still have to engage you with the character .
 now while I be totally absorb by the murderous lesbian affair in Lynch 's opus , I have to say I could n't give a turd about Mr Green or the other cardboard gangster that inhabit this dayglo world.Also , while so many people seem to try and say you do n't enjoy because you do n't get it I would have to disagree - I do n't enjoy because I be bore .
 I want the film to end and constantly listen to those quote over and over again do not help .
 call it clever if you will - I think it be repetitious.However , my main reason for writing be to ask all the other reviewer a question - there be no end credit on the print of the film I see .
 just music over black .
 do I watch a dud print or be this evidence of Gr 's pretentiousness ?
 or , do everyone involve in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name remove ?
 ?
 ?
 what a joke .
 I be watch it on Channel @card@ and I think watch paint dry be much more entertaining .
 what happen to Caspar Van Dien that get him rope into this nightmare .
 terrible acting , very bore plot and terrible direction .
 it so terrible , it be funny .
 it be suppose to be full of suspense , but it more a comedy .
 if you want to see terrible acting , ridiculous script writing and sub-par plot , check this movie out .
 if I be Van Dien , I would not only ask for my @card@ % from my agent , but fire the bastard in the process .
 what a turkey .
 it be not even fit to be on MST 3K !
 !
 it would be a good movie to cure you insomnia .
 I especially love the part where Van Dien be throw overboard and then make it back in just a few minute !
 I can only image that this be write by non-union writer take advantage of the writer 's strike .
 what a horrible movie !
 !
 !
 I get the feeling that the producer of this mess be out to make the most painful , ridiculous Western ever make .
 'PAINFUL ' be the good word I can think of to describe it.On the plus side you have nice color photography and beautiful and well-spoken Rhonda Fleming .
 my sympathy go to Jacques Aubuchon ( who play the cripple ) , who act well enough in an annoy role , write so atrociously that no actor could give an enjoyable performance .
 the production value be quite good , which only serve to highlight the terrible story and screenplay.Things I hate : Stewart Granger look so little like a western figure , what with his British accent , neat tailored outfit , and silly immaculate always-white kerchief tie around his neck .
 it get tiresome the way the townspeople and his son be constantly harangue and insult Granger , and he never speak up or reply back .
 I know we be suppose to suspend disbelief and appreciate Western as symbolic morality play , but this one break the spell with it laughably unrealistic and predictable scene , the bad be at the end where Granger miraculously , speedily and single-handedly plant dynamite around a canyon pass that the bad guy 's cattle will pass through , and then Granger plant himself in the perfect spot so he can shoot the dynamite from a very far distance to create rock slide to bury and spook the cattle and bad guy , seemingly destroy them all , save the two main bad guy .
 next worst be everything about the plot , which be load with soap opera scene .
 nothing in the movie seem believable : I could n't believe what all the conflict be about .
 the bad guy be drive his herd through to market and want the cow to chew some grass along the way ; I do n't see why something could n't have be work out .
 you need a land ownership dispute for that ?
 do n't bother to see it .
 ... and in *no way* as clean , logical , and understandable as in picture in that pathetic sum of tired Hollywood cliches.I be @card@ , and I have spend @card@ year of my life struggle through delusional phobia and paranoid hallucination .
 like the main character in the film , I be successful mainly because of logic : because I keep think over and over to keep delusion away from reality , and to know what be really go on and what be n't .
 in the end , I be really successful because of medication , by the way , but I certainly escape madness because I know before I take medication the difference between what be real and what wasn't.So , I feel entitle to tell you that this movie be a total fraud .
 not only do it cheat with the main character 's story ( who be n't faithful to his wife , who be bisexual - something really important here ) , but mostly , it show a comforting , tame view of schizophrenia - which be entirely miss the point.Schizophrenia be a mind structure , not a disease .
 a schizophrenic *isn't* a 'normal man with a disease ' , it 's someone who from early on view and feel thing differently from most people : for him , thing like time , space , and people 's personality be n't solid thing .
 he feel it can be bend , it can change , it can mutate , and maybe even disappear .
 to cope with this , a schizophrenic have a rich , very imaginative inner world which 'normal ' people do n't expect - but he be trap in it because he ca n't relate with most people , and his world get poor and poor until he finish in a blank , delusive dead end.This be very different to what be depict in this ridiculous 'cure ' , tear-jerk movie .
 it should be violently frightening .
 people other than the main character should appear strange , weird and absurd , like in Lynch 's 'Eraserhead ' , for example .
 there should be *really* impressive , weird , gross hallucination , because that be what schizophrenia be all about .
 it be not about *details*.I mean , watch 'Naked Lunch ' , 'Lost Highway ' , read P.K. Dick 's 'Martian Time-Split ' or 'Ubik ' , DO watch 'The Cell ' , 'Perfect Blue ' , 'Dark City ' , or play 'American McGee 's Alice ' on PC , and you may have a vague idea of what it be like .
 do n't watch the 'feel good ' movie of the month , with banal situation , clean character and visual , and stupid plot trick .
 'The cell ' be the most accurate movie about a schizophrenic 's mind , his vision and his inner consistency - it be violent , weird , confusing , and very , very scary.Once again , Schizophrenia be n't about detail , it be not a neat , tame trick play to you .
 it jump in your face and wo n't let you go : wall fall apart , people turn into strange hostile creature , you feel like you go backward in time , you be not sure you be who you think you be , everything feels.. .
 strange , unnatural .
 believe me , this be much much more than what be depict in this soap-like melodrama this movie should not be view unless you be try to kill yourself .
 I think this movie could actually cause severe brain damage .
 the main character be the whiny non-hero Kevin , Amy , his bratty , ungodly conservative girlfriend , Kyle , a dork in red short who enjoy phone sex , Daphne , a scrawny , horny girl who be suppose to be 'cool ' and have no sense of how to dress , and her oversexed boyfriend Nick , an army recruit who can make an innuendo out of anything .
 no , I be not a pervert , that be really how the movie go .
 the movie itself be an over-sexed rip-off of @card@ 's Gremlins , only you will never find a trace of Gizmo anywhere .
 no , these Hobgoblins , unleash by Wimpy Man ( I be sorry , Kevin ) , make someone 's wild dream come true , and then kill the victim .
 yes , you guess it-Eventually , they wind up in a strip club , where the nerdy Amy 's great dream be revealed-She want to be a stripper !
 look , I watch this flick via MST3K , and even with Mike Nelson , Tom Servo , and Crow T. Robot make a laughing-stock out of this cinematic trainwreck and it still make me bleed from both eye .
 not really , but I wish I have .
 I be not give you anymore plot , because relive it give me this great urge to drive a pitchfork through my brain .
 besides , it be not like there be a plot worth mention .
 they should put a Surgeon 's General Warning on this film .
 you know when you be on the bus and someone decide to tell you their life-story , and you sit there with a pathetic smile on your face when all you really want to do be slap the fool and walk off ?
 well I have a similar sensation while watch this film .
 okay , I do actually choose to go and see Aprile , and I know about Nanni Moretti 's taste for make himself the one and only star from Caro Diario , but after about half an hour of this late installment from his memoir I want to give Moretti the madre of all slap .
 Caro Diario be funny , unusual , and at least a couple of other character manage to get a word in edgeways .
 in Aprile , however , Moretti have exclusive right to the dialogue , so that all you hear for an hour and a half be a high-pitched whine go on about how his politics be well , or what quirky piece of popular culture be tickle his fancy at the moment .
 he also find time to slag off film that he do n't like , something I think be reserve for loser like me .
 surely be in a position like his you will think he will try and make a point about cinema a little more intelligently than this .
 by make a proper film perhaps , one with some idea and a decent structure , or maybe one that be n't completely dominate by his annoy voice .
 and when he start fawn over his newborn baby , I just want to go and be in the company of someone normal , preferably not a self-obsessed film director with a strange penchant for tacky music .
 the next time someone you do n't know try to tell you their life-story , give them a slap from me .
 every blow will be a small victory in the fight against Morettiism .
 somewhere between the Food Court and Zip 's , the mall in this filmhas an explosive store .
 this be the only place the title charactercan purchase the bomb he plant in the mall in the dull finale.A fictional town have a new mall , build on some land that wascondemned .
 cute Girl ( I do n't catch her name ) get a job as awaitress there .
 she lose her boyfriend in a fire at the site where themall stand .
 the villainous mall owner hire the arsonistresponsible for the fire as a security guard after his first securityguard end up dead .
 Rob Estes , eon before 'Silk Stalkings , ' be aphotog/reporter try to find a story .
 he hook up with Cute Girl,and their mutual 'funny ' friend Pauly Shore , and try to find out if Ericis still alive .
 he be , live in the mall basement ( ?
 ) and travelingthrough the air duct and offing different people who upset hisformer girlfriend , include the arsonist .
 eventually , he kidnap herand the finale involve the bomb and everyone run from thescene before the big kablooey .
 Morgan Fairchild be along for theride as the mayor...yes , she be the mayor.Of course , you probably do not need a plot sketch since the entirestory be in the title .
 someone name Eric be take revenge againstpeople as a phantom of a mall .
 this also mean there be nosuspense .
 we know Eric be behind this , but we still have to seeEstes and Cute Girl go through the motion of a silly investigation.Watch as Fairchild , who we know have be in cahoots with themall owner all along , pull a gun on our heroic duo in the middle ofa crowded party , yet no one say a word as she lead them to heroffice , and her eventual death .
 the fictional town be huge , yet nary apoliceman be ever call , everyone rely on mall security for order.Eric have be hide since the mall be build , but I be not surewhere .
 he seem to live in a basement area , but you would thinksome construction worker would have find him .
 he also hasfurnished his love pad quite well , and find a few outlet , since hehas electricity .
 it might be nice than your own apartment !
 Pauly Shore fan , both of you , take note .
 he trick a security guardout of his booth by moon the camera .
 yes , stop scanningCelebrity Skin and Playgirl , this be where you get to see a grainyblack and white shot of Pauly 's south shore , although no weezil.This be just junk , and proof positive that I be down to rent justabout anything at the video store to stay in the horror section .
 Thisfilm be not Eric 's revenge , it be the film maker 's revenge for mebeing dumb enough to watch it .
 here be my revenge : I do notrecommend it .
 that will show them !
 this be rate ( R ) for physical violence , some gun violence , gore,some profanity , some female nudity , brief male nudity , and somesexual content .
 what start out as an interesting story quickly disintegrate into nothing .
 do n't bother watch to the end hope for an explanation of what be stalk the visitor , there be no end .
 no explanation , no resolution , zip .
 this could have be a good movie it they have purchase an entire script .
 it get really bad .
 the only half-way redeeming quality be the effect from the thousand of bullet use during the film .
 there be context error everywhere .
 the acting be horrible , save Kirk .
 the story be as holey as the grail , and the belief that the movie be a video game in itself just kill the movie , if it be n't already a corpse .
 so all in all it be a waste of your life .
 I would have give this a zero have that be an option on the rating scale .
 this be n't cinema .
 it be n't talent .
 it be n't informative .
 it be n't scary .
 it be n't entertaining .
 it be n't anything at all.I get this because my cousin say , 'Diablo !
 cool !
 ' Yeah , right .
 the only thing cool about this experience be the lone fact that I do n't buy it but rent it instead.It 's shot like a bad soap opera .
 no wait .
 soap opera at least Look professional...sorta .
 this ?
 this look like it be shoot with someone 's camcorder .
 it be horrid !
 wretched !
 it sux.The cinematography be detestable !
 who be this director anyway ?
 I do n't even care enough to look him up .
 he stink !
 the performance by these poor unsuspecting actor be far good than this crap-fest deserved.2.6/10 on the 'B ' scale.That register about a @card@ on the 'A ' scale from...the Fiend : .
 maybe I have see one too many crime flick , or maybe I do n't take the right drugs.This be the most clich ridden , plot deficient , plot-absurd , just plain stupid movie I have see in a long time.As for the direction , it look like it take less time to show this than it do to put it together.In fact it look like to make it straight to video before it be completed.It be a bad rip off of 'M ' the classic Fritz Lang film star Peter Lorre .
 you will be so much good off rent that instead .
 for your own good , it would be well to disregard any positive review concern this movie .
 this flick stink .
 now , I like ( at least in theory ) low budget horror movie , but this one make the bad mistake a low budget flick can make : it take itself WAY too seriously .
 and , unfortunately , that be not it be only problem.It be the story of the murderous Beane clan of the British Ilses transpose to modern time .
 an interesting premise , but there be two thing that be immediately perplex about this film once you start watch it.#1- why be the big name on the CD box Jenna Jameson ?
 she be a below average look woman who ca n't act , and she have a minor role .
 answer : she be apparently a well know porn star ( as you no doubt read in other review ) , so I guess this be a 'cameo ' appearance for her .
 she be give the film much need 'name recognition ' , it seem .
 her top billing be n't any indication of her talent , though , it be an indication of how untalented the rest of the cast is.#2- how can film maker be so stupid to think Canada can be pass off as Ireland ?
 it do n't even remotely look like Ireland .
 and the house that the guests/victims stay in be this great big North American wood frame Edwardian thing .
 they should have skip the whole Beane theme and develop a story that take place in N.A. also , if you be go to make a movie that take place in Ireland , it be probably well to have more than one character with an Irish accent ( and that be a REALLY REALLY REALLY Bad Irish accent .
 ) Now,this would n't have be so bad if the director be n't try to make the next 'Night of the live Dead ' , but it seem he be .
 too bad .
 he could have have some fun with it .
 in fact , some of the scene be n't far from be unintentionally comedic as they were.Like the infamous gut scene , be the woman be chain to the table , strip naked , and then slice open and eviscerate .
 that be funny , you ask ?
 well , in the delete scene version , the mutant killer pull out mile after mile after mile of intestine .
 it be actually funny after awhile .
 and what self respect cannibal eat intestine , anyway ?
 do we eat the intestine of cow and chicken ?
 heck no , we eat ham and rib and drumstick .
 oh well.Some of the other cast who be annoy : the whiny , creepy Howard Rosenstein .
 I be not sure , but I Think he be suppose to be cast as a STUD .
 in fact , he be as big a loser and goof ball as his name would imply .
 which would explain why the character play by the equally annoy Gillian Leigh fall for him.I check Gillian Leigh on her link on IMDb , and apparently it be important to know that she graduate high school with honors .
 I ca n't decide if it be more amusing or pathetic to know that only a couple year after graduation , the honor student be do nude soft-core porn scene in a shower with a guy name Howard Rosenstein .
 wonder if her former classmate have see this movie ?
 if they have , hopefully they will get the message : avoid This Fate !
 go To College !
 !
 !
 I could go on and on , but why .
 if you like gore , you will find something redeem in this flick , but not much more .
 this film fail to capture any of the mystery and intrigue that the book offer .
 the main point of the book , the insight , be hardly even touch upon , leave the viewer wonder exactly why everyone be make such a big deal about them and why they be willing to risk their lives.The character development be not good at all .
 no background or personal development leave the audience not really caring at all about what happen to them , and so the action sequence fall flat.The search for the manuscript end abruptly , and with no real explanation , not leave any sense of satisfaction as to what the whole search be for.This be one of the bad adaptation of a book I have ever see .
 it be horrible and a waste of time .
 if you have not read the book , skip the movie and read it .
 if you have read the book , skip the movie and reread it.It be almost as if the point of make the movie be to discredit the book , that be how poorly do and ridiculous this movie be .
 it be a shame too , because it could have be good have they capitalize on it at the height of its success and they probably would have be able to get a good screenwriter and some good actors.Please do n't waste your time , Read THE Book !
 !
 !
 the original exploitation classic-though far from enjoyable on almost any level concern some guy who turn cat into human flesh eat monster because the cat food they make be make with people be remake with scifi element add .
 the cat ca n't get enough and when the flesh tainted food run out the cat turn on their owner .
 poorly put together on almost every level this be an example of the absolute bottom of the barrel material that use to actually play movie theater in the early @card@ be update with alien cat and dog race battle for supremacy .
 Director Ted Mikel be a hack , but be so lovable a person ( I generally like the guy thanks to his smile induce interview and commentary track ) that you can pretty much excuse the garbage he mostly turn out .
 Mikels want to make film and he do n't care how they turn out so long as he be produce something .
 more power to him , but I wish he would n't subject us to his home movie pointless boring film with charismatic Mercurio completely waste .
 release for a minute on a Thursday in maybe one local cinema and avoid by the entire population of Sydney except me and four other back of Beyond be a project seemingly create by a producer look for a fee .
 local actor like John Polson and Terry Serio deserve good ( well Polson have morphed into a director of lame thriller like SWIMFAN and Hide and Seek ) and Terry Serio seem never to get a guernsey apart from thug role .
 but Paul Mercurio should have become one of Australia 's great export on screen .
 role like this be major disappointment and film like this be just a waste of talent and time .
 'I go to the movie , to see 'Beat Street ' / it be n't bad , it be kinda ' neat / 'Krush groove ' be a flick , that I do n't mind / but when it come to 'Rappin ' , I draw the line .
 ' Word to your mother.Want me to stop ?
 that be just a small sample of the stupa-fly style of rhymin ' on display in this waste of film and location permit .
 this movie be seriously wack ( thats 80s-speak for just f*cking awful ) .
 as an emcee , Mario Van Peebles be one hell of an actor .
 and as an actor , Mario Van Peebles be one hell of a bodybuilder.Any film call itself 'Rappin ' ' have well deliver at that genre 's high standard of the time .
 so why be @card@ year old roll in the aisle , even back in the day when standard be so knee-high-to-'Webster'-low ?
 because this rap be weak .
 so weak that not even B.E.T. or Comedy Central will touch it with a 10-foot gold-rope chain.Blondie 's 'Rapture ' be def poetry next to this bit of Dr .
 Suess in the hood .
 so do n't be a boobie , avoid this movie !
 anyone not aware of the @card@ original British Lion movie ' The Wicker Man ' would,no doubt , have leave the cinema with the impression 'Poor ' and 'Peurile'.As a devotee of the original I leave with the impression Purely Poor.From the grim reality of haggle toothed inbreds draw the force of law and order into a web of paganistic barbaric ritual on a remote Scottish island , name Summerisle(the original ) to a near Amazon-ic colony off the Maine coast of the US , name Summersisle , the remake hardly hit the spot.This be , quite sadly , a case of what 'could ' have be a classic remake of a classic be tamper with to cater for a simple minded public .
 nothing More and Nothing LESS.Gentlemen ( or give the rework context of the film ) Ladies involve ... hang your head in shame .
 we all know that some of the great movie of all time be base on book .
 while not particularly accurate adaptation , these movie be nonetheless excellent film .
 some great example be the Harry Potter series , the Lord of the Rings trilogy , and , to a lesser extent , almost every Disney film ever make .
 however , I must regretfully announce that a Wrinkle in Time be not one of those movie .
 not only do it fail to meet some of the most basic expectation of Madeleine L'Engle 's fan base , it manage to defy the standard of scriptwriting , act , special effect and , ultimately , respect for the audience .
 mind you , I be not try to be mean ; on the contrary , I go into this affair with an open mind .
 I figure that a made-for-T.V .
 movie would make up for its lack of razzle-dazzle in its script .
 after all , the Star Wars spin-off Ewoks be decent , if a little silly .
 come to think of it , the original Star war be make on 'a lunch money budget ' , and look where it take George Lucas !
 however , from the first scene onward , disappointment start envelop me as if I have get too close to the Black thing while tessering.The same way Greedo shooting first become the symbol of the Star Wars special edition of @card@ ( a disaster of monumental proportion involve a disgruntled director make several hideous change to a beloved classic ) , Mrs .
 whatsit have officially become my personal symbol for the confusion and stupidity that be a Wrinkle in Time .
 the reason for this be the fact that she have be mutate beyond belief .
 aside from the slightly controversial decision of cast Alfre Woodard ( Star Trek : First Contact and Radio ) as our favorite star-turned-mentor , the filmmaker decide it appropriate to introduce her as a crow .
 that be right , a crow .
 moreover , the heavenly centaurion form of this greatly beloved character have be hack at by what look to be a demented eight-year-old ; the majestic half-man , half-horse with wing have become a huge human head with a creepy smile mount awkwardly on the bowlegged body of a horse that happen to be sport a pair of wing in the middle .
 have I be five , this would have psychologically traumatize me for life .
 the bad part be the fact that when it speak , it be show from behind so as to avoid the responsibility to lip sync , result in a scene that be spend look at the back of its head and see a single , unmove cheek , thus render the piece of special effect less believable than E.T.Having get the most painful part out of the way , I must go on to the tear-inducing one : the character , the acting , and the story .
 I , personally , have always imagine Meg to look somewhat similar to Moaning Myrtle from the Harry Potter film : plain hair , glass , and a figure most supermodels would find laughable .
 she be always a slightly anxious , humorously pessimistic math genius who quite simply could not have care less about the import and export of Nicaragua .
 in the film , she be an unpleasant know-it-all for whom I have no sympathy whatsoever .
 in fact , she make me feel sorry for poor Mr .
 Jenkins , her school principal , who continuously have to deal with her .
 Calvin , the kind , intelligent kid who everyone think be a jock have becomea jock !
 the irony be horrible .
 as for the memorable happy medium , they take the pleasant old woman who like to look at happy thing and replace her with a being who be 'above gender ' and like to look at 'funny ' thing , such as girl fall off of swing .
 the only three people I can think of who do a decent job be Charles Wallace , Mrs .
 whatsit and the man with Red eye ( nickname 'the Dude with Red eye ' due to his complete reinvention as a character).The story be a mess .
 a good comparison to this aspect of the movie be Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban , which do n't do a good job of retell the story find in the book , yet keep the sole of the original work .
 here , the sole of the book be have a pleasant chat with Hades down in the underworld , apparently unaware that its body be be destroy .
 as the Dark Lord complement the sole on how well it show that truth have to be feel and not see , the flat-nosed wookies of Ixchel ( who replace the wondrous being who hold Aunt Beast among their rank ) tear the spine up .
 as the God of the Dead note how subtle the terror of the Earth-like Camazotz be , the torn page be scatter in the sandstorm and lose in the darkness of the land of evil.I be very sorry that this film exist .
 I do not believe that the actor be genuinely bad .
 it be the way the character be write that ruin it .
 a Wrinkle in Time deserve to be adapt by Lawrence Kasdan , direct by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg , enhance at Industrial Light and Magic , score by John Williams , give its sound at Skywalker Sound , edit by THX and market by Twentieth Century Fox .
 in its current state , the film be unworthy to be show to self-respecting people .
 even Madeleine L'Engle think it be bad .
 the book be good , the film be bad , and Mrs .
 whatsit be Ugly.Score : @card@ ( if I could)Pros:They get the name right.Cons:It have horrible problem with the Cliff Notes level of adaptation , script , acting and special effect , not to mention lack of evidence of ever have read the book .
 oh , and the main cover/poster have a picture of the three main character ride a fly horse over a castle .
 some might say that this symbolize high adventure .
 I say it symbolize the irresponsibility of the cover artist who do n't even bother to Photoshop Meg 's arm on properly .
 this movie be so bad it hurt .
 the car do @card@ mph when it be suppose to go @card@ .
 the shift lever that be stuck ( in Park !
 ) , the nurse that drive for almost @card@ hour with the cell phone on the shoulder...ca n't any of the @card@ moron take this damn phone ?
 there be nothing credible in this crap .
 I would be ashamed to be see in a movie like this !
 I have nothing against religious movie .
 religious people need something to watch on a Saturday night , I guess .
 but what really tick me off be when the write-up on the DVD box do not indicate this fact to the potential viewer .
 pass off religious propaganda as entertainment be NOT cool , bro.And even if I be a religious person , I would have to agree with most of the other poster here , this movie be a mess .
 poorly direct , poorly act , poorly edit , and the attempt at a soundtrack be hilarious .
 the fake accent be terrible , the character be mainly stereotype , and continuity be out the window .
 the only reason we sit through this lame waste of time be that it be too late to watch another movie instead .
 should have just go to bed.Absolutely no redeeming quality to this movie , unless you be the religious type who will immediately endorse anything that will preach your belief to the unbeliever , even if it be a pile of garbage .
 if you be n't , avoid this at all cost .
 do not be deceive by the box write-up .
 face be slash , throat be cut , blood squirt , and in end the three main character be either depress or they die .
 they even blow up Kevin Costner 's dog with a shotgun .
 why would anyone want to see a movie like this ?
 violence be valid only when the good guy kill the bad guy , not the other way around .
 take for instance Underworld and Underworld Evolution where you can enjoy see justice do when the demon be slay .
 in this movie , the good guy be cut up .
 see the difference ?
 why would anyone want to Make a movie that depress the audience ?
 beautiful photography and skilled edit in a motion picture like this be a waste of talent .
 let be put this one into the category of the exquisite corpse .
 well , I suppose the good news concern William Winckler 's @card@ opus , 'The Double-D Avenger , ' be that it manage to unite three of Russ Meyer 's mammarian marvels--Kitten Natividad , Haji and Raven de la Croix--in one picture .
 ( I can only assume that Lorna Maitland , Tura Satana and Babette Bardot be busy the week they shoot this thing...or else manage to see a copy of the script in advance !
 ) the bad news , though ( and there be plenty of it ) , be that this film--if it can even be call that , have be shoot straight to video--is a complete misfire , a total abortion , an out-and-out atrocity , an absolute abomination , and truly one of the bad picture that I have ever see .
 look no further for the lame superhero movie ever make !
 the plot here , such as it be , deal with Kitten gain superpower after fellating the rare cockazilla plant in South America to cure her breast cancer ( oy ) , and later battle a trio of megalunged bikini dancer back in L.A. too bad that every lame boob joke trot out fall completely ( you should pardon the expression ) flat , that there be Zero actual nudity in the film at all ( other than some old photo of Kitten in her heyday ) , and that some shaving cream and a papier-mache boulder be the sum total of the special FX .
 the Meyer gal here be a bit long in the tooth/saggy in the chest , to put it kindly , although Sheri Dawn Thomas , as bikini girl Ooga Boobies ( !
 ) , do manage to , uh , stand out nicely .
 so why have I give this juvenile , unfunny , failed embarrassment of a movie @card@ star instead of @card@ ?
 to be succinct : Joe Bob Briggs .
 his voice-over commentary in the special feature of the DVD I just watch be absolutely hilarious , especially when he pull out around @card@ synonym for the word 'breast ' from the 1,000+ on his Web site 's 'Canonical Hooters List .
 ' the man be a national treasure , and he manage to upgrade this skeet of a disc to coaster status !
 there be no spoiler in this review .
 there be nothing to spoil.No plot , nothing ; most clip show at least try to tie the clip into the plot by some tenuous stretch , but this do n't even do that .
 clip , three line to lead into the next interminable sequence of dull clips.. .
 OK , so perhaps they be short on production time , but they will have be good off skip this episode entirely .
 what a waste of time.I be not sure how this get make , in fact .
 scrub be usually much well at subvert trope , but somehow this get through....Thank heaven they be back on form by the next episode .
 I go to see it in hope of some good old fashion Alice Entertainment.Once I realize I would not be get that,I watch it for a pretty well make movie ( in term of filming,and yeah..that be it).But aside from it have a good film quality,considering I have be watch grainy movie all day long,there be nothing good about that movie.He kill 42.Why be Tweedle Dee and Dum play by Mudler and Scully ?
 Serisouly,Who can answer that for me ?
 who can answer anything awful about this movie for me.I agree with whoever say it be just one big long inside joke for the staff.That be all it seem to be.Poor Mr.Carroll.I be so sorry somebody do that to his wonderful tale .
 the first noticeable problem about this awkwardly title film be its casting .
 Ann Nelson play the grandma here .
 three year after this , she would star in 'Airplane !
 ' as the woman who hang herself while listen to Robert Hays pine for Julie Hagerty .
 I could not get that image out of my head.Matt Boston be a fifteen year old with problem .
 he have headache .
 his mother have a nervous breakdown .
 his grandfather have a massive heart attack .
 a chain smoking psychiatrist decide to find out what the devil be go on with this family .
 first she hypnotize Grandma Nelson .
 Nelson tell a tale in flashback that fill the entire first half of the film.She and Grandpa buy an RV , cheap , and drive it around to all the tourist traps in desert California .
 the RV soon have a mind of its own , go off the road and such .
 then , large boulder begin hurl themselves at it .
 the elderly couple be appropriately afraid , but stay in the vehicle in order to move the plot along.Eventually , Grandpa have a heart attack after be strand on the RV roof when it go for another unplanned ride.Boston 's mom begin talk to some native American mummy she have lie around the house .
 she fancy herself an author , and make copious note about the musty corpse .
 the psychiatrist read the detailed note , and use her imagination to fill in the blank .
 we see the mother semi-flip out , but her mental breakdown occur offscreen , much like Gramps ' heart attack.Finally , the patient de resistance , little Matt .
 Matt go under the hypnosis gun and tell his own tale .
 he think mom be wig out ( this be make in @card@ ) .
 apparently , mom be make the astral body of the native American mummy sort of fly through the air .
 one hit Matt like a bee hit a windshield , and Matt begin act all crazy.The psychiatrist take Grandma and Matt into the desert .
 Matt be inexplicably in a wheelchair now , and the trio confront the unseen ( and unexplained ) forces.Flocker have no sense of scene construction .
 the one pro here involve the RV strand in a salt flat in the desert .
 in the distance , the couple notice some boulder roll toward the RV .
 this be a pretty creepy little scene that be eventually overplay .
 as the boulder begin hurl themselves toward the vehicle , the special effect become obvious.The scene where the RV run off the highway , then back on again , take forever .
 the scene where Grandpa be trap on the RV roof as it careen down a dirt road take forever .
 mom 's conversation with the mummy take forever .
 Matt be out of body experience take forever .
 this film take forever.I be tempt to hit the fast forward button at least a dozen time .
 as scene drag on , it be obvious Flocker be pad .
 cut the fat here , and this would have clock in at an hour .
 the final 'explanation , ' that the mummy ' spirit be try to kill those close to Matt never hold water .
 do they inhabit the RV ?
 the film maker never bring up the fact that the spirit be no good at their murderous way , they never kill anybody !
 as I keep think of Nelson in 'Airplane !
 , ' I also think of other movie .
 anything to keep me from fall asleep during this one .
 Boston be terrible as the kid , play a fifteen year old as a cute ten year old who have a smart alecky line for all these adult who fall over themselves loving him.In the end , Flocker have write and direct a mess .
 the title be just the beginning of this exercise in make the audience feel ill at ease .
 this be not scary , and like the ghost , you too can still walk...away from this tape at the video store.This be unrated , and contain some physical violence and mild profanity .
 I give this movie a single star only because it be impossible to give it less.Scientists have develop a formula for replicate any organism .
 in their lab(a run down warehouse in L.A. ) , they create a T-Rex .
 a group of industrial spy break in to steal the formula and the remainder of the film be one endless foot chase.Of course the T-Rex(a rubber puppet)gets loose and commence to wipe out the cast .
 it have the amazing ability to sneak up within @card@ or @card@ foot of someone without them notice and then promptly bite their head off.One cast member escape in a police car and spend the remainder of the film drive aimlessly through the city .
 she be of such superior mental ability that she ca n't even operate the radio .
 she never make any attempt to drive to a substation or a donut shop and appear hopelessly lost.The T-Rex wreak havoc throughout the city , there be blaze gun battle and buildings(cardboard mock-ups)blowing up , but a single police car , or the army , nor anyone else ever show up .
 such activity must be commonplace in Los Angeles.We can only hope that a sequel be n't plan .
 in all my year of film-going , only once have I walk out on a film , and that be the dreadful 'Stay Tuned .
 ' fortunately , the cinema refund the ticket and I go to see 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer ' instead ( a minor improvement ) .
 that film be 'Gone with the Wind ' compare to 'Dick , ' a comedy so unfunny that it nearly become the second film I ever walk out of .
 'Dick ' be so unfunny it be even impossible to laugh at it , let alone laugh with it.Granted , pay to see a movie with a title like 'Dick ' suggest that it will be fill with inane 'dick ' joke and wind up a huge letdown , and yet I have high hope because of the notable cast ( Daniel Hedaya , Bruce McCullough , Dave Foley , Kristen Dunst , etc .
 , etc .
 ) and a premise that at least promise something fresh .
 what the film deliver be , as portend , four woefully predictable 'dick ' joke , comic timing suffering from jetlag , and a premise that wear thin after the first five minute .
 in short , it be the Watergate scene from 'Forrest Gump ' stretched--nay , lay on a rack and mangled--over 90+ excruciate minutes.As soon as you understand that the two main characters--airless , insipid squealer who gasp and roll eyeball incessantly--will participate in every major Watergate event , you begin to mentally check off the plot as it progress : @card@ and a half minute erase from the Nixon tape , Check ; the deep throat meeting with Woodward and Bernstein , Check ; John Dean get a change of heart and testify , Check .
 the process drag out more languidly and about as engage as the real Watergate affair with about as much laugh-getting to boot .
 and though it posit to be an amusing re-deconstruction of the event lead to President Nixon 's resignation , it turn into a paint-by-the-numbers , choose-your-own-adventure , fill-in-the-blanks comedy that say very little and entertain even less.Even the film 's strong point--the aforementioned cast--is bewilderingly unproductive here .
 the most disappointing of all be Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy .
 trap as he be behind the thick Liddy moustache and strait-jacketed in this numbingly morose screenplay , Shearer mumble a few line , try desperately to leer from behind the prosthetic nose and eyebrow , then disappear .
 Dave Foley , one of the comic mastermind from kid in the Hall ( two other , Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this film--ah , the blessing of nepotism ) fare badly as well .
 his H.R. Haldeman occasionally lend a much-need lighten of the funeral plot , but the funny thing about him be the buzz-cut he sports--perhaps the film funny bit of all .
 and then there be Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon--oops , I mean 'Dick .
 ' ( Ha ha how amusingly funny .
 ) he manage to play a solid Nixon , avoid the pitfall ( such as overdo make up , rubbery nose and false tooth a la Anthony Hopkins ) while preserve the essence ( the vacillation between human tenderness and coarseness ) .
 I seem to be forget someone .
 .
 .
 oh yes , the two star of the film , those over-bubbly teenager .
 can n't remember their name , perhaps because I have repress their performance .
 nothing could be farther from funny ; nothing could be more painful than have to endure their deliverly that run the gamut of 'hyperactive ' and 'super-hyperactive ' with an occasional 'pouty ' toss in.This film seem to be a bad excuse to string together a 70s soundtrack and parade outrageous period clothing , both of which seem to be the norm these day for film and TV show set in the 'Me decade .
 ' but the clothes and the music wind up be an ersatz substitute for true characterization and plot , a kind of extra-plot shorthand that the producer hope will compensate for anemic writing.The only possible use for this film be year down the road when any one of its talented cast appear on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien .
 this dreadful cinematic excretion will be drag out to embarrass and hopefully humble the stun guest star .
 the sad thing be that the real bad guy in all this--the writer and producers--will be far from the camera gaze , possibly cook up another disaster such as this .
 to be as honest as I possibly can , the Devil 's plaything ( or Veil of Blood or Vampire Ecstasy or the Curse of the Black Sisters or ) be a complete bore .
 the movie have a good premise behind it the resurrection of a long dead vampire through the body of a descendant through the aid and assistance of a group of woman dress in black but the execution be horrible .
 there be great , long moment of screen time when literally nothing happen .
 character just stand around with nothing to do .
 there be no mystery , no suspense , and no plot point to care about .
 the acting be simply abysmal .
 most of the acting involve a group of below average look woman dance naked while stare at the camera .
 they do this repeatedly .
 and what little plot there be seem to be design to get more of these less than attractive woman naked so they can join in the dancing .
 while it be not as bad or pointless as the dancing or the plot in something like Orgy of the Dead , it come close .
 it be point out in a now delete post from another IMDb user that anyone who might see 'The Medusa Touch ' should be warn about a scene that be eerily reminiscent of the Sept .
 @card@ , @card@ terrorist attack in NYC .
 but I hope anyone read this will consider this warning .
 despite an interesting pedigree ( producer Elliott Kastner produce 'Harper ' and 'The Long Goodbye ' ; co-producer Arnon Milchan co-produce the Oscar-nominated 'L.A .
 Confidential ' and screenwriter John Briley win an Oscar for 'Gandhi ' ) and an international cast , I find 'The Medusa Touch ' to be a heavy-handed , unintentional laugh riot .
 it be a poorly direct , horribly write and act mess .
 it try to capitalize on the 70s telekinetic thriller genre .
 the movie fail on many count .
 please consider 'Carrie ' and the underrate 'The Fury ' ( both direct by Brian DePalma ) .
 they be two entertaining and exciting thriller that deal with the same subject matter .
 there be no story !
 the plot be hopeless !
 a film base on a car with a stuck accelerator , no brake , and a stuck automatic transmission gear lever can be good !
 I would have stop that car within one minute whether I be in it or in the police car constantly follow it .
 I feel sorry for the actor that have to put up with such a poor script .
 the few scene that some similarity to action be heavily over-dramatized , and as far from reality you can get .
 in addition , there be a lot of blunder , for instance the hood of the runaway car , which be pop do 100mph .
 at first it just fold over the windshield , like it would in reality , but then , afterwards , it blow off .
 the car be later in the movie observe with the hood on....This film be nothing but annoy , stay away from it !
 one of the other commenter mention that they almost walk out .
 if I have n't be with my wife , who want to stay , I would have leave .
 it be a shame , too , because I think it could have be a good movie .
 but this be easily one of the bad adapt screenplay I have ever see .
 it start out nowhere and it go nowhere ( I would say it go nowhere fast , but it really go nowhere slow...painfully slow ) .
 from time to time there be hint that something interesting might happen , or that there be potentially some depth underneath one of the character , but that be all we get - hint .
 there be not a single payoff or revelation in the entire movie .
 not that I need a slick plot to be entertained...I love a good meander character study as much as the next indie buff .
 but these character add up to nothing .
 for the entire duration of the film you do n't care what happen to a single one of them .
 as a matter of fact , you almost start hope they die , because at least a death might be more interesting than watch their inexplicable behavior , which be so strange and unpredictable that you will think it in itself would be compelling , but it be not .
 instead of quirky , noir-esquire character act in hard-boiled fashion , you simply recognize it immediately for what it be : a bunch of talented but miscast actor , brood and raise their eyebrow while read bizarre dialogue without a hint of relevant context .
 all this for two plod , painfully slow hour .
 awful .
 you want to see the movie 'THE Gamers ' by Dead Gentlemen Productions .
 this be not that movie .
 this movie be not funny .
 it be a waste of time.All of the good comment here seem to be write by ( poorly disguise ) false third party .
 the people who make this movie seem to be attempt to synthesize fake interest.This movie be not a well do mockumentary .
 comparison to 'Spinal Tap ' or Christopher Guest be insulting.The movie be so mean-spirited that I can imagine anyone familiar with the subject matter find it funny .
 be able to laugh at yourself be an important quality , but if you be the one be lampoon in this manner , you will have to hate yourself to enjoy it.The movie be not offensive because of its grand satire of taboo topic but because of its constant pathetic banality .
 the message of this movie be 'personality be more important than beauty ' .
 Jeanine Garofalo be suppose to be the 'ugly duckling ' , but the funny thing be that she be not at all ugly ( actually she be a lot more attractive than Uma Thurman , the friend who look like a model).Now , would this movie work if the 'ugly duckling ' be really unattractive ?
 when will Hollywood stop with this hypocrisy ?
 in my opinion , despite the message that it want to convey , this movie be simply ridiculous .
 unbelievably bad acting , a no good , unclear story and flashy image and slow-motions where they be need the least : adrenaline be everything a movie should not be.Georgina Verbaan ( a so-and-so dutch soap actress who have n't attend her English class ) play rich girl Freya , who have the habit of 'thrill-seeking ' .
 which basicly be do dangerous stunt , break stuff and annoy people .
 and not in a fun jackass way .
 then there be Dracko ( Rivas ) .
 he kinda lead the bunch but have other illegal activity on the side .
 then there be Freya 's dad ( Lockyer ) , who play a dubious role as well .
 and , in the end , we get Jason ( debutant Fyall ) , the boyfriend of Freya.One day , Freya get disappear and everybody seem involve but we , the viewer really do n't care as nobody of the cast be either likable or believable , and the story do n't make any sense.Why be this even make ?
 @card@ .
 everything about this film be terrible .
 to start with this film have a pretty good cast and I find it impossible to make such a great cast into the big disaster to the gangster film genre ever .
 the sound track be like one of a very bad slap stick comedy .
 it have this music through the whole film and it start to get quite irritating.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do NOT INFLICT YOURSELF WITH This DISASTER you Will ONLY Be Hurt ...but a lousy film .
 as Maltin say this be Christopher Lee 's attempt to make a serious horror film .
 well , it be serious...TOO serious !
 the plot be silly and slow ( something about old people inhabit the body of young child to achieve immortality)...the film be all talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the same thing over and over again .
 I actually doze off a few time !
 the film be sooooo dull !
 the cast sleepwalk through this with the sole exception of Peter Cushing and Lee...but this be probably a labor of love for both ( they often complain about horror movie be too violent...well , this have No violence !
 ) .
 avoid at all costs...unless you have insomnia...this will put you to sleep !
 this be quite possibly the bad movie I have ever see .
 I watch it with a large group of friend and after it be over not a one of us understand the plot .
 aside from the lack of plot , the act be atrocious , the 'special effect ' be not so special , and the writing be absolutely horrible .
 the movie 's only redeeming factor be that it be so incredibly bad that it be quite funny .
 you ca n't help but laugh at a zombie be run over while actor be spew crappy dialogue .
 I would n't recommend this film to anyone look for a good movie , but it be something that a group of friend can get together and have a good laugh about .
 it be now a run joke among my friend and I. @card@ out of @ord@ Oh My God !
 please , for the love of all that be holy , do not Watch This Movie !
 it it @card@ minute of my life I will never get back .
 sure , I could have stop watch half way through .
 but I think it might get well .
 it do n't .
 anyone who actually enjoy this movie be one seriously sick and twisted individual .
 no wonder us Australians/New Zealander have a terrible reputation when it come to make movie .
 everything about this movie be horrible , from the acting to the edit .
 I do n't even normally write review on here , but in this case I will make an exception .
 I only wish someone have of warn me before I hire this catastrophe OK , the box look promising .
 Whoopi Goldberg standing next to Danny Glover parody the famous farmer and his wife painting .
 then you pop this baby in the DVD player and all hope be lose in less then five minute .
 suppose to be a comedy .
 and I must admit I do laugh once about ten minute before the ending .
 this movie have the follow element : a battered and abused next door neighbor , a boring legal trial , racisim , talk of lynching , and death and arson .
 hilarious , Huh ?
 no , please , if you never listen to anyone 's review , please do here .
 you can even force yourself to watch this crap .
 crap !
 I say it , CRAP !
 whoever put there name on this should indeed sue .
 two year ago , on Berlin Film Festival we watch the Amos Kollek movie 'Sue ' in the Panorama program , with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the lead part .
 it be a film about loneliness and sex , and how the one thing be compensate by the other .
 in the same section on the Festival now we have to complain the superfluous antithesis of Sue , 'Extension du Domaine de la lutte ' , which now try to convince us that loneliness and have No sex be one and the same problem .
 but unfortunately we ca n't sympathize with 'our hero ' ( how he be call by the story-teller ) , because he be unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of company and himself .
 own fault , I be sorry .
 I ca n't understand him .
 not enough , the writer/director/actor want us admit to him , that it be not his destroy self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality , what bring him so far , but the rotten society and its image of sexuality .
 yes , there be some deep insight about gender relation , but we wo n't follow him so far.. .
 and the point be , that there be rather any sign of reflection about his own portion to the fate , have no sex .
 who do n't notice yet , it be a quite depressing film...In the beginning , there have be some start to be more accurate in sketch the situation .
 at the bed store the 'hero ' speak about the hindrance buy a new bed .
 perhaps it be too broad get up the stair , you have to stay at home half a day.. .
 this be a satire about a character , who do n't know take the life and heart in hand , DOING something.. .
 the movie doesn`t follow this path , but handle his character with helplessness .
 nobody believe , that 'our hero ' be able to instigate Tisserand for a murder .
 too dull , too kind , too - passive ( not to mention Tisserand 's complex ; he have an inhibition , but he could n't be , of course , a murderer of woman !
 ) .
 to finish : there be woman and the world , it be not a device of a modern sexualized society .
 help you as you can , but do n't follow the message and the 'wisdom ' of this movie , which announce bankruptcy to human relationship , without seize the real conflict within .
 must have to agree with the other reviewer .
 this have get to be the WORST movie , let alone western I have ever see .
 terrible acting , dialogue that be unimaginative and pathetic ( let alone completely inappropriate for supposedly be in the 1800s ) , and oh , do I mention a battery pack prominently display on the back of one of the character ?
 I be wait for the boom mike to fall in the middle of a scene .
 and the ending ?
 the least I can say be that it be consistent with the rest of the movie...completely awful .
 and yes , it do contain every clich in the book from the slow walk down the empty dusty road to the laughable 'let be remember when ' shot when a main character die .
 luckily I see this on free TV .
 do n't waste your time .
 I fall asleep on my couch at 7:35pm last night watch Larry Sanders ( I usually DirecTivo it , but not last night ) .
 wake up at 3am ( invesment banker on the west coast ) , and be fascinate to see this on HBO2 .
 I be shock on how poor this 'movie ' be .
 seriously .
 shock .
 so shock that I have to write a commentary on iMDB .
 this be really really bad .
 the writing be boring , but the direct and edit be simply below those of a freshman at a film school.Yes it be shot video .
 mind you , that be shoot on Video , not Digital Video .
 it do look like a soap opera .
 the clip from skateboard video have a more 'film ' feel to them then this horror.I want to describe the poor directing but i honestly cant remember anything .
 the shot and block be stupid .
 yes , i choose the word 'stupid ' .
 not unconventional , not daring , not bold , not boring , just stupid .
 I know people review this review will say 'well give me an example ' .
 I cant .
 it be 3am .
 but trust me , I know you will watch it anyway , you will be draw by the horrible review .
 this movie be suppose to have depict a 'ladie 's man ' bachelor who be ready and willing to settle down once and for all .
 however , I do not care for his mission to settle down , because I do n't care for his character .
 I do n't understand what all of these beautiful woman see in him .
 he have absolutely no class , or charisma .
 he should have at least have a way about himself that make lady weak in the knee other than his saxophone playing , but to no avail .
 just because he be a musician do not make him sexy .
 not to mention , the thing he do to get the attention of a married woman he fall in love in a span of five minute of know her be absolutely outrageous and ridiculous .
 do this man have any shame what-so-ever ?
 have he tidy up , and stop do and say stupid thing he would have be more attractive as a character , but alas , his character be bland and boring.Gina Gershon 's character be unnecessarily British .
 she could have just as easily be an uptight out-of-towner with her regular speak voice than do a poor British accent that sometimes would fade through out the movie.The only two character I care for be the fish and frog .
 now those two have chemistry !
 Academy nomination for both Stat !
 plot hole , lack of character development , horrible acting , unnecessary drama , clich moments.. .
 what a mess of a movie .
 what be this ?
 !
 be it a comedy , a horror movie or just nothing ?
 ?
 this be by far the bad movie i have ever see .
 especially the scene in romania when he become the werewolf , that must be the bad scene that have ever be make .
 this movie be n't funny , it be n't scary and not entertaining at all .
 please do yourself ( and me , i do n't think anyone should suffer through this movie ) a favour and DON'T WATCH This Movie !
 !
 if you get be a present , just throw it away and chop it in to piece .
 I recently decide to revisit the Omen trilogy only to discover that { insert demonic music here } there be a fourth .
 I do n't expect much from it , and in that respect it certainly live up to my expectation .
 if you be into watch bad movie for a laugh , then this just may be the movie for you .
 oh , where do we start ?
 from the onset , the 'made for TV ' look and feel of the movie be obvious .
 the music be often inappropriately match with what be happen in the movie and therefore ( at good ) distract .
 the script have all the suspense of an @card@ year-olds work of fiction .
 but one thing that must be say be that the lacking script be very well match up with the appalling acting .
 numerous scene leave me contemplate whether it be the script or the acting that be the source of ridiculousness.The story itself be quite thin , center on all the crazy antic of the daughter of Damien Thorn , adopt out by wrong-doing and badly act nun .
 there be the usual lot of mysterious and convoluted death that personally make me yawn as the 'drama ' unfold , and the usual third-party investigator into the whole affair .
 later , via some medical phenomenon , Damien Thorn Jnr be bear .
 and that pretty much wrap up the plot .
 the whole thing be execute rather badly right from the beginning with the lack of suspense make the movie one monotonous and/or ridiculous scene after another.There be many WTF ?
 !
 ?
 moment too that provide the unintended comedy relief .
 for example , what be with the major over-reaction at the beginning of the movie when the baby scratch the mother 's cheek ?
 ?
 hardly a 360-degree-head-turning omen .
 I also laugh at the over-reaction at the baptism .
 the baby cry , and everyone look very concerned .
 the distressed mother run out of the church and the priest be left look very alarmed while cross himself .
 Huh ?
 then there be the new-age nanny that seem to have carte blanche on expose an @card@ year-old to all kind of alternative spiritualism .
 I laugh when the nanny suggest bring the troubled Delia to a psychic fair to meet the nanny 's hippie friend and the mother just shrug her shoulder and allow it .
 'Yeah that be groovy , fill my troubled @card@ year old daughter 's head with all this mysticism stuff .
 that be cool .
 I do n't need to be there .
 ' of course this would be expect from a mother who allow her daughter to adopt a fully grow Rottweiler they encounter on the street that could bite the little girl head off as a snack .
 the entire scene at the psychic fair be quite comical in a slapstick kinda way , from the horrify reactionary stare of the psychic to Delia , to the ensue inferno.I also laugh at how the nun 's death be consider a 'freak accident ' .
 here we have a religious zealot , ( who be describe as be part of a cult ) , who be fanatically preach in a pit full of rattlesnake to prove how God 's glory will protect them .
 she antagonize the snake by handle them and SOMEHOW she be bite several time .
 hardly a freak accident .
 more like a successful suicide attempt.The snakes-vs-nun scene be n't the only comical death .
 there be the slow-speed car accident result in decapitation in a school parking lot .
 then there be the slow-motion demolition ball head straight for the detective .
 I believe I may have go and make a coffee when the slow-motion start only to come back to see the demolition ball still head straight for the 'concerned ' detective .
 then there be the quintessential who-shot-who clich death , where a gun go off and both act as if they have be shoot for several second while exchange horrify glance .
 then someone go tumble down the stair reveal who the real victim be .
 additionally , the death of the priest at the beginning of the movie seem a little strange and pointless to me .
 he run around look at the architecture of the church .
 obviously find this quite distressing , he eventually collapse , clutch his chest and die .
 apparently something demonic be happen , as this be what the music be suggest .
 Ummm .
 OK.I be surprise that other have review this film favorably and , in particularly , as a 'worthy sequel ' .
 it be difficult not to notice the non-sensical script , the unrealistic acting , and the inappropriate musical score .
 the movie lack any suspense , rely heavily on Delia 's 'demonic stare ' to provide a sense of horror , which become rather annoy after a short time.Bottom line : this be a bad movie with the only redeeming feature be it be unintended potential for be a comedy .
 'Little Man ' , now on DVD , be a Wayans Brothers flop .
 it be the tale of a small than a midget criminal play by Marlon Wayans , who hide a diamond in a lady 's purse after a heist .
 he and his partner Tracy Morgan cook up the genius plan to disguise Marlon as a baby and plant him at the lady 's home .
 he then go through all sort of 'Home Alone ' or 'Child 's Play ' like mayhem to get the jewel back and be treat like a baby .
 I be surprise by how low the humor be in this film .
 the joke have be do in other place so many time , that they be n't cute or funny .
 I almost think the movie might have be funny if they do n't use CGI and use the small actor who Marlon 's face be paste over .
 in watch the delete scene ( minus CGI ) this actor be funny in a Mini-me like way , but they choose a different route .
 a few cameo and Tracy Morgan make some funny scenes..Spend your rental fee $ on Borat if you want some real laugh these days.http://mcmusicnotes.blogspot.com if your idea of entertainment be watch graphic footage of people be run over by car ( you get to see a woman pass under the front wheel , be twist as the car pass over her before she go under the back wheel -- and they show it twice in case you miss it the first time ) then this be the documentary for you .
 Admitedly I do n't watch any more of this very disturbing piece of voyeurism , but that be enough for me .
 maybe the rest be even better.I wonder how long it be go to take for television network to start show slush movie .
 perhaps game show base on self-mutilation might be nice.I already know that there be disturbed people in the world and that horrible thing happen .
 I do n't need to see the proof on the TV masquerade as entertainment .
 no matter how you look at this movie , it be just awful.If you view it as a horror , then it be an unscary movie with the monster be hand puppets.If you look at it as a comedy , then you will notice most of the humor fall flat and be just lame.If it be a romance you will wonder why a guy would stay with such a B**ch !
 if you look at it as an action you ca n't really pull for the whiny hero.As you can see this movie just fail to deliver anything remotely entertaining .
 as mention the monster be obvious puppet and this film be another attempt at a Gremlins type movie .
 this however have the bad look monster of that genre .
 critter look pretty good , so do the Ghoulies , heck even the puppet from the Munchies look good than these .
 the character in this film be thouroughly unlikable .
 the hero be a whiney security guard , his girlfriend be always complain , they have a tramp friend who have a jerk military boyfriend , and another friend who be a spaz .
 at one point in the movie the hero and the military guy fight with rakes...this movie be just utterly stupid .
 I like the scene when they be in the dreaded club scum ( which be obviously not a club , but more likely a diner ) and the hero tell the waitress that none of them be @ord@ give me a break , I be @card@ and I look young than any of them .
 this be a sad film make for sad people .
 I be sit in theater tear my hair apart , want to break the chair in front of me as the movie spitted out one cringe-inducing scene after another .
 and there be people roar with laughter behind me , which make me wonder what kind of film these people must be watch to actually enjoy this horse-s**t.Nikkhil Advani have six story with no plot and no interesting character .
 the screenplay be dull , probably he be drink when he be write this film .
 there be no strong hold on any of these story .
 nothing new , nothing to hold the audience and fill with dialog which you would have hear a million time before .
 one of the story be about this couple not be able to have sex because of series of disaster take place every time they want to do it .
 I mean seriously be this story really require ?
 its not funny , not creative but only prove that Advani have no sense of comedy .
 another of the story ( which be probably the only story I be interest in ) be base on a man 's infidelity and that too end in a lame age-old sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar crap .
 I have no idea what the Salmaan-Priyanka plot be all about .
 there be no issue in the plot for it to be a plot .
 she ca n't take Karan Johar 's film because she have to marry Salmaan ?
 ?
 why ca n't she marry him and still take the film ?
 ?
 or do Advani and Priyanaka just want to prove the world that it be in fact true that female actor cant be successful if they be marry or that they should not act in film once they be marry ?
 ?
 with six actor in the film obviously Advani cant produce the film all by himself .
 so he make full use of sponsor like the Times group , shamelessly promote their Filmfare magazine .
 and also some jewelery brand which the woman in the film absolutely seem to adore !
 !
 I come to IMDb to give it the bad rating and i be shock to see post praise the film .
 it just go to show the sad state of bollywood and how star strike the fan be .
 with fan like these , movie like Salaam E Ishq will be continue to be make and bad probably be a hit .
 first , let me state that I be a big fan of Ashley Judd ; that be why I be curious to check out this , her debut role .
 no argument that her talent be apparent and her performance excellent .
 I guess I can also see how the professional critic like the aesthetic content of the story .
 however , I like to think that movie be mean to entertain us and that be where this movie fails.By the halfway point , I find myself think , 'How much longer do we have to watch a bored shop girl , idly stand around a desert souvenir shop , rearrange the merchandise ?
 ' it seem to go on forever !
 then , I think , maybe this be one of those movie where the director try to lull the audience into a relax state before hit them with some dynamic event .
 no such luck .
 the movie continue it be bland , boring , uneventful story all the way to the end.I be not say this because I be an action-junkie .
 I like all kind of movie , especially romantic-comedies .
 but I expect to be entertained.Add the fact that the cinematography and sound quality be comparable to your neighbor 's bad home movie .
 depressing !
 I just do n't get how anyone could like this movie .
 Zero-entertainment value .
 the long @card@ minute of my life .
 I actually pay to see this movie in the theater.It would get a 1-rating , but the fight scene between the robot be okay , and there be a surprise.I realize that some movie have large budget than other .
 I do n't have a problem with that .
 unfortunately , science fiction movie probably suffer the most on a small budget for obvious reason .
 but , one way this movie fail be that just about every piece of each set look cheesy and cheap .
 I mean , could n't they even make it 'look ' good ?
 the other major reason this movie be horrible be the act if I watch the movie now and know what to expect , I might just enjoy it for the cheese-factor , but at the time , I be expect a good movie and have no clue as to how horrible it would actually end up being.Thankfully , the experience be over in only @card@ minute .
 listen to the director 's commentary confirm what I have suspect whilst watch the film : this be a movie make by a guy who want to play at make a movie .
 the plot be the kind of thing that delude teenager churn out when they be go through that 'I could write a book/screenplay/award win sitcom ' phase .
 there be a germ of an interesting idea bury in there ( probably because its a sequel to some-one else 's movie ) , but it be totally bury under an underwritten , badly execute and laughably un-thought-out script.The line be dire , and the performance be un-engaging , though again , I be incline to blame the director .
 he do not appear to have consult the actor at all about what be require , rather plonk the script in their hand , point the camera at them and tell them to get on with it .
 who know , with a little coaching , these actor could have acquit themselves well ( say what you like about musician in movie , Jon Bon Jovi be excellent in row your Boat and more than acceptable in the Leading Man).As it stand , the cast have no chemistry whatsoever .
 a beautiful opportunity to use the classic sex and vampirism parallel be pass up when , in order to infect Bon Jovi 's character with vampire blood from his ailing co-hunter , he be give a transfusion .
 she should have bite him .
 mind you , they should have look vaguely interested in each other throughout the rest of the film too .
 the only real moment of sexual tension , between the two female lead , be by the director own admittance accidental .
 he have originally intend to use this silent sequence as an excuse for more pointless plot exposition - so , I suppose the finished product could have conceivably be bad .
 but not a lot.Frankly , as movie go , this be badly plot , silly and forgettable .
 even as trashy movie go it be not sexy enough or gory enough to be entertaining .
 it could have be a fun and bloody little romp , but the director have leave with more of a comedy , for all the wrong reason .
 my comment on this movie have be delete twice , which i find pretty offend , since i be make an effort to judge this movie for other people .
 please be tolerant of other people 's opinion .
 obviously write in the spirit of Nietzsches work be not understand , so ill change my comment completely.I think this be a really bad movie for several reasons.Subject : one should be very careful in make a movie about a philosopher that be even today not understand by the mass and amongst peer bring out passionate discussion .
 one thing philosopher do agree on be that Nietzsche be a great thinker .
 so make a movie about his life , which obviously include his 'ideas ' be a thing one should be extremely careful with , or preferably , do n't do at all .
 wisdom start with know what you do n't know .
 one might think this be not a review of the movie itself , but the movie be not about an imaginary character , it be about the life of someone who actually live and had/has great influence on the world of yesterday , today and tomorrow .
 if someone tell a story about a tomato , i can express my thought about the story itself , but also about the choose subject , the tomato .
 there be a responsibility for producer when they make a movie about actual fact .
 specially in a case like this and this responsibility be not taken.Screenplay : one of the first thing i notice be the ridiculous accent .
 why ?
 it distract from what it should be about ; Nietzsche and the truth he find .
 it do n't help put thing in a right geographical perspective or time !
 come on , make it proper English or well yet ; German !
 even Mel Gibson get that part right.. .
 let his character speak some gibberish Aramaic in the Passion.Secondly , it be well over-acted.3d , Assante be not an actor to depict Nietzsche .
 bad casting.4th , fact be way off.And so on .
 its a waste of celluloid .
 I do n't think it would be possible for Joe Don Baker to make a movie as bad as his stinkbomb 'Mitchell ' , but this one succeeds.I would n't recommend this if you be a fan of Joe Don Baker 's Much good work .
 But,if you like to watch fat guy sweat and really , really draw out gun fight , you will love this movie .
 slow , incomprehensible , boring .
 three enthusiastic word that describe the movie of the book .
 this be surely a case where the movie should never have be make at the expense of the book .
 the good part of the movie be the scenery , excellent .
 the bad part be the slow move interaction of the actor which combine with endless meaningful glance .
 the edit be abrupt and patchy .
 however , despite this , the actor work very hard at least try to be a little believable with a terrible script .
 it be startling that although set in Peru there be hardly a person of Peruvian descent wander about the set - even in the flashback scene depict Peru in the 17th century .
 if you have any sense of history , try to avoid this movie .
 I do n't believe they make this film .
 completely unnecessary .
 the first film be okay .
 but there be no need for a sequel , certainly not after a television series that be already a sequel to the first film .
 this film feel like a soap-opera .
 the writing be so bad , it be utterly simple .
 the joke do n't come across , the acting be flat , it be shoot like a soap , it lack any direction .
 the first film have a good emotional spine behind it .
 every character have a little arc .
 it be very simple then but somehow it work and I could see the merit of that film .
 but this time around , there be no cohesive story-line .
 the character be dull stereotype and nothing interesting happen .
 one good thing : the Brazilian boy who play Axel Daeseleire 's son be pretty well cast .
 that be their one moment of creative success on this film .
 I hear they already shoot a second television series as a sequel to 'Team Spirit @card@ ' but please God , do n't let them make a third feature installment.. .
 ( David H. Steinberg) 's script seem initially have some real smart point that could have make good romantic comedy , But But But , oh dear !
 what do ever happen in the way ?
 ?
 ?
 !
 !
 !
 !
 I will tell you what happen .
 originally it be ( Animal House - @card@ ) and ( Porky 's - @card@ ) .
 although that be long time ago , but those be the pioneer , the godfather of the new genre : the crude teen comedy .
 then the 1990s come .
 after important instance that become smash hit ( repulsive one be I add ) such as ( Problem Child - @card@ ) , ( Dumb and Dumber - @card@ ) , ( the Nutty Professor - @card@ ) , and ( there be something about Mary - @card@ ) which I think slacker be affect by , there be the top of the era and the prophet of the next era , the one and only : ( American Pie - @card@ ) which be undoubtedly and incomparably a genre 's icon .
 after that I think every comedy of that kind get to be that highly filthy , cum laude nasty , to be admire by the youth otherwise it might be out of fashion !
 I believe that ( Slackers ) have a smart plot first as a script , then its maker get to add some real big amount of : rudeness , filthiness , strangely shameless sex to be make - at those day - as easy as pie !
 like they have to fill every scene with freely element such as : masturbation , oral sex , urination. .
 etc just to look a la ' mode .
 they be wholly unnecessary element to the story but surely THEY be so necessary to make the profit , and to catch the late vogue in make teen comedy .
 the problem be in how all of that have replace already any possible comedy in it.Some of its moment look literally horrible , and that as you see be the point .
 it be all in ( Jason Schwartzman) 's look and performance ; memorably disgusting to the utmost .
 so the ambition transform from be that romantic comedy into make what be n't do before of pure skin image .
 to be more like a horror where you be ask all the time ; what nasty would happen ?
 ( vomit , farting,. .
 etc ) ; these be the easy combination to create a comedy nowadays.Though even if you hate it you have get to love something ( mostly for be bold ) , for me it be only Gina Gershon cameo 's scene .
 anyhow they design it as a whole to achieve be outrages-for-outrageousness , like an adolescent 's naughty dream .
 though the majority of it be near to anybody 's nightmare.What make me sad be that this one at its core be a real potential work , and not another cheap , another stupid comedy as it eventually manage to be .
 remember well the detail of steal the exam ( the first @card@ minute ) , so the movie 's main plot ( weirdo try to reach a girl by blackmail cool guy ) through the pattern of ( boy love girl , and girl love another boy ) because save that , it be nothing but a candidly schlock .
 it deal with its material the tacky way bunch of dirty college boy , who get nothing to do but make mawkish quip out of anything , would do .
 it end up as be , and I be sorry to say it , a smile sh*t !
 at its end it say something ( can you imagine !
 ) about how it be the time and the place too for the impostor or the slack to win , totally like this comedy itself .
 it sound good end yet for totally another good movie ; which could assure my opinion about this one as smart one. .
 once !
 and it do n't need much to understand that this movie 's maker be the real slacker !
 maybe be stupid be a way to be smart in Hollywood , but even if. .
 the final result here be n't at least witty by any sense of the word.P.S : its scriptwriter ( David H. Steinberg ) , who write the story of ( American Pie @card@ ) as well , have a main page at the IMDb where you will find under the 'Additional detail ' his usual 'Plot Keywords ' which be : sex / Vulgarity / crude Humor /.. .
 they just forget to write Urineing while Showering or Baring @card@ year Old Women !
 me and a friend rent this movie because it sound really good .
 but we be wrong .
 first of the acting....wow...the acting be the bad , the effect be really bad as well , it seem like a film a college kid make .
 the plot be pretty good , but it have be do .
 the thing that ruin the movie the most be the actor .
 the main guy be the bad actor ever...it be a shame I be even call him an actor...The only good thing about this movie be it be so bad it be funny...so if you want a good laugh see it....but other than that...stay far away from this one .
 I usually love B list movie and such , but this one.. .
 I do not know how it be pass to even be put on video...this one be the bad I have seen..and I have see some bad one .
 this film remind me a lot of the anti-drug film of the @card@ be and @card@ be due to the fact that it be make by people that have obviously never experience the social evil that they be warn us about .
 Tom Hanks and his buddy be 'role playing ' , but there be no dice , lot of candle , and then you be just sweep away in a bad montage show Hanks fall for the lady in the group .
 quite funny but misguided .
 I wonder how many poor kid have their D&D ; stuff destroy , and be tell that the use of their imagination be the road to destruction .
 as a film it be basically an after school special , bad acting ( although Hanks do show some of his talent ) and relationship talk , and no one seem to be have any fun .
 it seem these film have a psychological focus on adolescent start on the road to adultism , which be more serious , apparently , and require you to buckle down and do the thing everyone else do .
 despite my vote of @card@ , this be worth watch due to its unique genre , scare film , which I personally find quite funny .
 this be by far one of the bad movie i have ever see , the poor special effect along with the poor acting be just a few of the thing wrong with this film .
 I be fan of the first two major league but this one be lame !
 I rent this movie because I hope it would be one the whole family would enjoy .
 although the movie be family friendly , my family do not enjoy it because it give a false view of God .
 if you obey God and follow Him , you be not guarantee success .
 your football team wo n't always win .
 you wo n't magically get good grade .
 infertility be n't always cure .
 you wo n't always get a raise .
 sometimes , you will be stick with the old car.God do not exist to meet our every whim .
 rather , we be create to glorify Him .
 sometimes we glorify Him most when thing seem to be go bad for us .
 to live be Christ ; to die be gain .
 I have a piece of advice for the people who make this movie too , if you be gonna make a movie like this be sure you get the f/x to back it up .
 also do n't get a bunch of z list actor to play in it .
 another thing , just about all of us have see Jurassic Park , so do n't blatantly copy it .
 all in all this movie suck , f/x suck , act suck , story unoriginal .
 Let 's talk about the acting for just a second , the Carradine guy who be career peak in @card@ when he do 'Revenge of the Nerd ' ( which be actually a great comedy ) .
 he be not exactly z list , he can act .
 he just should have say no to this s--t bag .
 he should have do what Mark Hamill do after 'Return of the Jedi ' and go quietly into the night .
 he make his mark as a 'Nerd ' and that should have be that .
 I understand he have bill to pay , but that hardly excuse this s--t bag .
 have I call this movie that yet ?
 O.K. I just want to be sure .
 if I sound a little hostile , I apologize .
 I just waste 2hrs of my life I could have spend do something productive like watch paint peel , and I feel cheated .
 I will close on that note .
 thank you for your time .
 I look over the other comment and be thoroughly amuse to find that clearly only people who actually work on the movie have comment .
 I mean , I hate to say bad thing about an amateur production , but if you make a bad movie and want to comment on it , tone it down a little .
 'Groundbreaking ' be a little over the top .
 this be a Boston base college production that do n't even achieve the level of most amateur college film .
 it be what you would expect a bunch of kid to do .
 a silly action film without much creativity .
 it be pretty funny if you be willing to poke fun at it .
 not something you will ever see unless you be a student at Emerson college .
 a few week ago , I read the classic George Orwell novel , @ord@ I be fascinate with it and think it be one of the good book I have read recently .
 so when I rent the DVD , I be intrigue to see how this adaptation measure up .
 unfortunately , the movie do n't even come close to create the ambiance or develop the character that Orwell so masterfully do in his book .
 the director seem to think that everyone watch the movie have read the book , because he make no attempt to demonstrate why the character act and feel the way they do .
 John Hurt , the main actor , be droll the entire way through , and hardly do any acting until the end .
 we never really find out what he do for a living , or why his love affair be forbid , or what the political climate be and why the main character desire rebellion .
 this book can be do justice in movie form without proper narration and explanation of the political system oppress the character , and the fact that those be miss be the great shortcoming of this film .
 besides that , John Hurt be a terrible casting choice , look about @card@ year old than the @card@ year old Winston he be suppose to be portray .
 on a more positive note , however , the rest of the cast be well choose .
 it be just too bad they be put in such a horribly adapt film with the wrong lead actor .
 -Brian O. I really want to like this movie , but it never give me a chance .
 it be basically mean to be Spinal Tap with a hip hop theme , but it fail miserably .
 it consistently feel like it be write and act by high-school kid for some school project , and that be also the level the humor seem to be aim at .
 there be no subtlety and , more damningly for a mockumentary , it never once feel like a documentary .
 and while the line be n't funny in the first place , an attempt at dead-pan delivery would have help -- certainly , anything would be good than the shrill overact we be subject to.I will recommend this to people who like 'comedies ' in the vein of 'Big Momma 's House ' or 'Norbit ' ; people who think that word like 'butt ' be inherently hysterically funny .
 other people should stay away and not waste their time .
 I feel brain dead , I will tell you .
 this be the bad film I have ever buy .
 ( in my ignorance I think this be the Peter Jackson film of the same name ) .
 the performance be so terrible they be laughable .
 the special effect have not stand the test of time and look dire .
 the script promote that kind of TV movie , stare into the middle distance kind of act .
 the cast look as if they have be take lesson from Joey Tribbiani , they have one look each , and stick to it .
 plus I have never be confuse by a movie until I sit down to watch this .
 the be it a dream or no plot be so terrible that frustration set in within a few minute .
 avoid like a plague .
 the prerequisite for make such a film be a complete ignorance of Nietzche 's work and personality , psychoanalytical technique and Vienna 's history .
 take a well-know genius you have not read , describe him as dement , include crazy physician to cure him , a couple of somewhat good look woman , have his role play by an actor with an enormous mustache , have every character speak with the strong accent , show ridiculous dream , include another prestigious figure who have nothing to do with the first one ( Freud ) , mention a few word use in the genius ' work , overdo everything you can , particularly music , and you be do .
 audience , please stay away .
 this film be a joke and Quinton should be ashamed of himself , try to pass this off as a Modesty Blaise Film .
 if you be have trouble sleep then all mean rent this film .
 the stick figure they call a actress who be suppose to be Modesty Blaise have get to be the most boring person on this planet .
 maybe she could be use as a hat stand in the back ground of a real film.seventy-five minute of nothing thank you who ever invent the fast forward button .
 if you see this film if you can call it that come your way run .
 I ca n't help but think what 3rd world country could of use the money waste of this crap .
 this film be bore the actor be bore waste of colour a waste air they breath if you would like to see Mostey Blaise Film then watch the one they make in the @card@ be maybe that what the director should of do .
 Play Mystery Theater @card@ at home with your friend !
 rent this movie for the laugh !
 the acting be poor , the sound be terrible and the fight be ridiculously unbelievable .
 I think the movie be a joke until I look it up on IMBD .
 I ca n't wait to rent the sequel , China O'Brien II .
 what happen to Peter Bogdanovich ?
 once a brilliant director , a trail blazer.. .
 be now scrape the very bottom.. .
 be this the same man who direct 'The last Picture Show ' ?
 here , he take a somewhat interesting ( albeit farfetched ) premise , and turn it into bubble gum that lose flavor the moment you take the first bite.. .
 Dunst be not bad , but Izzard be miscast as Chaplin , and all the other actor seem to have be cast for their 'looks ' , and not because they be right for the part .
 too bad .
 I will go rent 'Paper Moon ' again .
 alright , so I have be die to see this movie .
 stoke about the , 'who be who ' in horror land that be in the film....well , my friend rent this , bring it over , and we start watch it .
 it be suppose to be a comedy....I do not smirk even once , until the 40min mark.Does it have to do with the budget ?
 not at all , in fact , there be film out there that cost close To ABSOLUTELY Nothing , and they be amaze ( to me anyways ) .
 also , while watch this film , I could n't help but realize the similarity ( i.e. , STEALING ) to a low budget indie film title , 'ACTRESS APOCALYPSE ' , read my review about it ( it destroy this film BTW).This film...it have potential it really do .
 it have the 'star power ' , steal plot ( let film the behind the scene of the making of a movie...IE...'ACTRESS APOCALYPSE'....seriously , this anger me the more and more I think about),...it really could have be funny .
 a lot , a lot of the joke fall flat .
 the acting be alright for what it be .
 but it drag on , be n't funny , and the plot be totally stolen.I give this a two , because it be n't sooo AWFUL , but that be the only reason .
 this film be really bad , with a script full of 'memorable ' line and incredibly bad performance .
 the special effect be also bad ( not the bad one I have see , either ) and the music be so bad that you have to listen to it to believe it .
 just two short theme ( @card@ second long or so ) be repeat constantly throughout the whole film.All in all , one of the bad film I have ever see .
 Blank Check be easily one of the bad film of the ninety .
 the plot be completely pointless ; its overtone of lonliness be pathetic .
 do you really believe a twelve year old acting as a personal assistant for a millionaire could accomplish everything in this film , like buy a mansion for a mere $300 grand .
 the notion , let alone the bargain-basement price , will only be believe by the most gullible viewer .
 please , respect your intelligence and do n't watch this awful , awful film .
 I have read all the comment on this film .
 I be a great admirerof the Dalai Lama .
 as such , I read the book upon which thisfilm be base .
 the movie be an ugly and demean fictionalization of the truth .
 I do not criticize it foraltering small detail or event for dramatic purpose ; it isnot a documentary .
 but the script change the impact , reaction,realities , and change in EVERY main character .
 it vastly altersthe real relationship between Harrar and the young Dalai Lama.From the ridiculous rivalry for a Tibetan woman ( which demeansthe culture of Tibet ) to Harra 's music box gift , to Harrar'schange of heart , everything about this movie be false - exceptfor the amazing photography .
 I understand that the shot of thePotala ( the palace ) be smuggle out of Tibet .
 However,changing a real story about the relationship between two people,one of them very important to this world , in order to build up amovie star be sad the writer and producer of this little outing have plummet new depth of depravity .
 do writer 's block set in so badly , Or have idea dry up so much , that they be force to include a disgusting scene where a young woman defecate in the back seat of a van , and then promptly throw the excrement at the car behind ( mind you at least this summarise what this film be worth ) .
 we have already be treat to one of the other woman urinate over one of her friend at gunpoint , as well as numerous episode of graphic vomiting ; once would have sufficed.. .
 we get the message !
 this really be take toilet humour to another level !
 have the script and act be good then I could have easily forget that I be watch a film shoot entirely on low budget video .
 this be a fairly original storyline , with a clever ( the only ) piece of direction in that we only ever get to take the viewpoint from inside of the van ; thus make it feel much more real .
 we never get to see inside any other location , such as the store or the field where several of the woman disappear , and this could have add much needed tension.The script be dire .
 line like : 'I do n't feel too good.. .
 I want to go home ' after one of the girl have be pursue by a psychopath ; subject to rape by a screwdriver and shoot at , seem a little undercooked.The acting be diabolical ( apart from the maniac ) .
 do all the main @card@ actress in this learn act by take a correspondence course during a long postal strike !
 the sound be so bad that I have to watch the entire film with the subtitle on.The director seem to have an easy job in this .
 it seem that the only direction he must have give be : 'Scream girls'.AND as for the SCREAMING..... .
 if you watch this please be sure to have some paracetamol at the ready !
 funny how a studio think it can make a sequel to what be a classic Christmas story with an entirely new cast and expect it to float .
 sure they use various actor for Batman , but in that instance Batman be a classic character before any of the actor don his cape .
 in this instance you have a classic character in the blond head horn rim glass wear Ralphy that want a red Ryder bb gun for Christmas.. .
 somehow we be suppose to forget him and accept another little boy that share no resemblance to the original.. .
 if I have not know it be a sequel I would n't have guess it from the cast.. .
 except of course Charles Grodin try so hard to imitate Darrin Mcgavin that your be constantly remind that the original be far better...In the end it might have work if they have cast the movie well .
 they should have look for look a like or simply ignore the original and not try to copy its look and feel .
 this one be just a cheap imitation .
 the Ralphy evoke no sympathy just a desire to seem his character shoot his eye out or die .
 when i see the preview for this on TV i be think , 'ok its gonna be a good werewolf movie ' but it be not .
 it be not scary at all !
 act be good , plot be horrible , the military bid be just plain stupid .
 I think the SCI-FI channel could of do well than this piece of crap .
 the movie make it sound like Arron be go to turn into a werewolf , instead he turn psycho and bit some doctor 's throat out .
 if you have read some of my other review on other movie , there all positive , but this one be not simply because the story be terrible .
 one out of @card@ max .
 Im sure you all be expect some werewolf flick , but i bet you do n't expect this .
 beyond Loch Nes be way good than this movie , heck , any movie thats on the sci-fi channel be good than this movie .
 I really look forward to this program for two reason ; I really like Jan Michael Vincent and I be an aviation nut and have a serious love affair with helicopter .
 I do n't like this program because it take fantasy to an unbelievable level .
 the world speed record for helicopter be set at @card@ mph by a Westland Lynx several year ago .
 the only chopper that be ever faster be the experimental Lockheed AH56A in the @card@ 's .
 it hit over @card@ and be a compound helicopter , which mean it have a pusher propeller at the end of its fuselage provide thrust.In short , no helicopter can fly much over @card@ because of the principle of rotary wing flight .
 and the Bell @card@ , the 'actor ' that portray Airwolf be n't very fast even by helicopter standard .
 and it do n't stay in production very long.There be a movie that come out during this time period call 'Blue Thunder ' that be much more realistic .
 imagine the bad skit from Saturday Night Live and Mad TV in one @card@ minute movie .
 now , imagine that all the humor in those bad skit be remove and replace with stupidity .
 now imagine something @card@ time worse.Got that ?
 OK , now go see the underground Comedy Movie .
 that vision you just have will seem like the funny thing ever .
 UCM be the single bad movie I have ever see .
 there be a few cheap laughs...very few .
 but it be lame .
 even if the intent of the movie be to be lame , it be too lame to be funny.The only reason I be not angry for waste my time watch this be someone else I know buy it .
 he waste his money .
 Vince Offer have n't write or direct anything else and it be no surprise why .
 I totally hate the movie .
 it be so retarded .
 they need to get some acting lessons....no , wait , that wo n't help because the Naked Brothers Band people a retard .
 you know why I be here even though I be a Naked Brothers Band hater ?
 to warn people before they watch the dumb movie so that the NBB do n't get any money from it so then they ca n't make any more amateur stupid song that be so retarded that any old guy could go and write it in @card@ second .
 not only be the song lyric retarded , they sing badly .
 okay , I be kinda get off the movie here.....anyways , it be boring and they act horribly .
 it be NOT funny at all even though they try really hard for it to be .
 I guess they deserve some credit for that...well , the movie be n't worth your time .
 just look at its rating .
 the movie ( and the series ) be very painful to watch for anyone who have even half a brain .
 seriously , if you like it , you need to go watch movie where the actor actually act , not babble their line in a monotone .
 I be on the drama club at my school and some people there be actually BETTER than those Nat and Alex guy .
 hurry before it be too late !
 I seriously think that Herbie fully load be good than this piece of poopie .
 I do n't even know why I go through even half of that film .
 I do n't think it even deserve to be call a film.. .
 a complete waste of timeHalla Bol be a complete waste of time .
 the script and dialogue be poorly write , the direction be lacklustre and the act border on hammy.This movie be clearly aim for the Rang De Basanti crowd but it fall far short of the mark because it do not have even one of the element that make Rdb connect with its audience_great script , terrific acting , good direction and a powerful social message that be never preach but shown.Compared to that near-masterpiece , Halla Bol take a step backwards by resort to scene such as the hero take a leak on the villain 's Persian rug and the hero 's mentor stare down bullet in a truck no less !
 all of this might have be acceptable in the 80s when there be a downturn in movie quality and bad movie like DivyaShakti and Phool Aur Kaante become big hit , but movie-making have become_should have become_more subtle and thoughtful of late.Rajkumar Santoshi be a capable director and I appreciate that he want to give a social message in every movie he make but maybe he simply do not know how to do it !
 he resort to sermonize without a care as to the audience 's intelligence in understand what he be try to say .
 maybe he should just concentrate on entertainment and leave the social message to the Rakeysh Mehras and Aamir Khans.Even if you do n't agree with everything I say , you will agree that throughout the screening you will be think that Rang De Basanti be much much good and Mr.Santoshi should have leave the industry-bashing to Om Shanti Om .
 Industry-bashing ?
 that be right !
 !
 Santoshi have depict the industry as a place of back-biting , bitch and the casting couch which the hero happily indulge in with a starlet curiously name Sania .
 there be some people who will think that these portion show the real face of the industry .
 do n't believe everything you see !
 all in all , raise your voice against movie like this and do n't spend your hard-earn money on this bomb.* out of **** .
 in a word , this film be boring .
 it lack life and spark .
 a big problem be with the two lead .
 Jude Law and Gwyneth Paltrow have no chemistry whatsoever .
 he be boring , and she be annoying.The visual be interesting , but they do n't enhance the scene .
 if anything , the visual tend to detach the audience from what be happen on screen .
 none of the action sequence feel real , and hence , the film fail to create any real drama or a sense of danger.The film have potential , but it need a good script , well act , and a good director .
 I keep think during the film , you know , this movie would have work if Harrison Ford be Sky Captain , Karen Allen be Polly , and Steven Spielberg be the director.Ignore the critical acclaim for this film .
 the critic I think be praise the film because they *want* to like it and want it to succeed even though it fail on so many different level .
 ... .
 this movie bask too much in its own innocence .
 it do n't tell a story ; it be more a big time snooze fest .
 while the actor be all personable , the story be so trite and go nowhere .
 I think Victor Rasuk have great charisma , but deserve a real film from a real storyteller .
 this movie be the perfect illustration of how NOT to make a sci fi movie .
 the bad tendency in sci-fi be to make your theme an awful , sophomoric , pseudo-Orwellian/Huxleyan/whateverian 'vision ' of 'the human future.'Science fiction filmmaker ( and author ) , as geek , take themselves very seriously give the high crap-to-good-stuff ratio of their genre .
 I think other genre with a high CTGSR ( yes , I just make it up , relax ) , like horror or action or even romantic comedy , seem to have a little good grasp of the fact that they be not change the world with some profound 'message.'Sci fi can certainly be successful on a serious level , as numerous great filmmaker have prove .
 but there be an immense downside to the whole concept , which be represent by 'Robot Jox , ' with its low-rent construction of 'the future ' ( lone good design element : the bizarre , slick-looking billboard ad all over the place that encourage woman to have more baby ) and its painfully heavy-handed 'Iliad ' parallel ( he be NAMED Achilles for GOD'S Sake !
 I actually do n't pick up on this until I see the film for like the tenth time , but I go to public school , so the filmmaker be not exonerated.)Of course , if you be a crazy movie freak like me , this downside have a great upside .
 I absolutely Love movie like this , because bad movie be quite often more fun and sometimes even more interesting than good one .
 it be kind of a Lester Bangs approach to movie viewing , I guess.Note : the lead in this movie ( Gary Graham ?
 be that his name ?
 I refuse to go check .
 ) be really not that bad .
 he make a go of it .
 he be kind of cool , especially when he be drunk/hung over .
 almost every plot detail in this movie be illogical and implausible .
 it carry no semblance of a genuine human story , dead and dull .
 it be a parody of Hollywood , with trumpet musical bit that remind you of a Denzel Washington movie , wobbly camera shot and focus , racist stereotype , absolutely unnecessary and comical shot and gesture of famous people in clothing catalogue pose .
 it be make to cater for the multitude of zombie whose meaning in life derive from watch celebrity name .
 the only good thing in the movie be the end credit and funky song that accompany it .
 I feel like an idiot for watch this , save yourself .
 besides all of the technical mistake ....How about a female flight attendant who be able to kill , all by herself , @card@ out of the @card@ terrorist ( include ex marine ) , @card@ of whom without even use a gun .
 then , she land the plane perfectly .
 we be not talk about Sigourney Weaver or Linda Hamilton ; we be talk about a regular , frightened , yet very well compose flight attendant .
 :D how about the leader in charge of the assault/rescue squad , have a full-proof ( accord to the logic of the script ) plan of sleep-gassing everyone and have someone from his team fly the plane .
 only he decide at the spur of the moment to change plan and instead lead an attack on the terrorist , gun blaze , not know where the terrorist be , or how many , and not secure a position of advantage , so that his whole team get easily wipe out .
 yeah , that be use the old noggin .
 only later to decide to use the sleep gas anyway .
 and it turn out useless for all intensive purposes.Bad as this movie be , though , I could n't stop myself from watch and wonder , what next ?
 :D I ca n't help but imagine all the excellent , unemployed script writer think to themselves , it be not fair .
 lol !
 :D how could @card@ out of @card@ prior voter give this movie a @card@ ?
 how could more than half the prior voter give it a @card@ or high ?
 who be vote here ?
 I can only assume it be primarily kid -- very young kid .
 the fact be that this be a bad movie in every way .
 the story be stupid ; the acting be hard to even think of as act ; the character be characterless ; and the dialogue be terrible .
 I see this one rainy afternoon on the Sci-Fi channel .
 in the sad event that it be ever rebroadcast , I suggest you read a book instead .
 the lack of content in this movie amaze me the most .
 First i though that people be go to compare this to Rock On !
 but i be really surprise myself to say that this be worst than Rock On !
 so-so story Horrible cast Ajay Devgan Jamming with Salman Khan and Asin you gotta be kid me .
 the music be Okay Khanabadosh be the track of the movie the rest be bad !
 Vipul Shah have n't still learn from Singh be King 's critically bash comedy .
 now Asin. .
 where do she come from sorry for Asin 's fan out there but she suck*d big time in this movie seriously bad acting she do n't look good at all overdose of make-up !
 my final verdict go watch Aladin with your family instead waste your time here .
 foywonder 's review of this cheap STV hit the nail squarely on the head .
 make sure you read it .
 in case you do n't , a group of scientist head off into the deep wood of the Pacific Northwest , to fumble around with a bunch of bone in an animal graveyard .
 the Big Foot family do n't take kindly to this , and proceed to pick off the team one by one , largely offscreen .
 Big Foot himself have a distinctly ape-like face , but be less scary overall than Harry from Harry and THE HENDERSONS .
 most of the movie have the wooden , generic actor pretend to be scientist tromping around in the wood and yakk away .
 this be a no-budget movie in which very little happen , at least on screen .
 we do get to watch the sexy of the female take a shower while one of her male companion watch , but nothing come of this .
 see this movie recently and have high hope .
 not so much base upon the director , who have n't make a cinematographic release before , but more base upon its cast .
 Harvey Keitel , Scott Glenn and Craig Wasson ( lead role in body double , a Brian De Palma masterpiece ) have all star in great movie .
 not together though , and this fact have n't exactly change because of this one.The film be unbelievable , very predictable and clich .
 the only thing that might make it slightly appealing be the selection of location on which it have be shoot .
 in my humble opinion : do n't waste your time on this one .
 I see Chan I Missing when it first come out , about four year after move from San Francisco to New York .
 maybe it be the perspective of a few year away , but this movie seem to capture the essence of the city and its people well than anything else I have ever see ( still do ) .
 it concentrate on one particular community - the Chinese - but that be fine , because so much of the city 's soul be refract through the setting , the face , and the maybe above all the voice of the characters.This be n't the tourist ' San Francisco .
 the setting be humble and everyday : a taxi cab , the kitchen of a Chinese restaurant , Richmond District row house , little Chinatown apartment and small-business office , the pier , a Philippine elder center .
 this be what the city look and feel like day to day to the people who live there - even now , in the era of Silicon Gulch urban redevelopment .
 unlike , say , Dirty Harry ( in its own way an excellent San Francisco movie as well ) , everything be film at street level : we come to understand the character ' point of view from the perspective their surroundings give them , not from some fancy vertiginous shooting.Wang apparently film in B&W ; because he do n't have the money to do otherwise , yet one of the strong visual element of the movie be the natural light he achieve .
 the often harsh , pervasive quality of the sunlight be one of my close association with San Francisco : it seem to expose everything , bring the building , the hill , the other landmark down in scale and , in a funny way , make the people you pass on the street seem more individual and potentially closer to you than they might in another place .
 Wang 's photography perfectly convey this , and even help the story along at points.Wang capture the speech and conversational style of Chinese and other San Franciscan well than anyone ever have , I think .
 if there be such thing as a true San Francisco 'accent , ' it be what you hear from the balding taxi medallion broker ( I think ) who appear talk on the phone in one scene ( listen to the way he call the person on the other end 'ya dingaling !
 ').The story be poignant and , despite a few very small misstep , make its point beautifully about the longing that pull at the heart of people live in old immigrant community - include the justified political and ethnic resentment , and little ironic amusement , that help to fuel them .
 all this be communicate delicately - perhaps why some respondent here think the film meander .
 it do n't - suffice it to say that the two cab driver ' quest for Chan become a quest for something more personal.Chan be miss finish up with a Chinatown travelogue sequence back by a goofy novelty song from the 1930s ( I guess ) about San Francisco and all its crazy diversity .
 an American caricature , yes , but somehow not entirely off the mark either .
 nothing can prepare you for another lousy bimbo outing !
 this time , it be be bring to you by the never-inevitable Fred Olen Ray !
 as far as exploitation movie go , this one do n't click !
 as science fiction , it be plain unoriginal !
 all that we see be an an ugly feminine android wear a bikini out to destroy the earth , and show off all that be nearly bare to resist !
 give me a f---ing break !
 !
 !
 if this kind of entertainment be your thing , then why not dust off those old SI swimsuit mag from the attic for a change ?
 !
 this would have be much good if it do n't set the sleaze factor on very high , but that still would n't make this one great .
 I will like to point out another film call the ASSAULT ( @card@ ) by Jim Wynorski , which resemble the identity of ALIENATOR .
 it illustrate why top-notch 1st-person 'femme fatale ' action movie do n't translate well in America .
 sorry , fella !
 this be the big piece of lamo I have ever watch .
 it be excruciatingly bore I would have rather sit through a seminar on creationism than have watch this if i have know it be go to be as boring as it be .
 not even the @card@ second of the hot chick in the bikini with the big ta tas redeem this of anything low than a 1.The review of this movie claim that this movie be 'unintentionally funny ' be absurd and just plain WRONG .
 not one thing be funny about this movie .
 they spend the first @card@ or so minute walk through the wood talk about stuff you would n't understand nor care about and it be just as lame when the people start die because you do n't even know who the people be because they be so uninteresting .
 honestly though , I do n't watch it to the ending , but that should say something about how horrible it be .
 bad Movie EVER.Immediately after eject this filth from my DVD player I start scrape it against the cement in front of my house , not want other blockbuster customer to have to fall upon the same mistake i have make as to rent this movie .
 then Zach pee his pant .
 Thankyou for your time .
 I think that it be just pointless to produce a second part of a movie like 'My Girl ' .
 'My Girl ' be a very good movie but it be ridiculous make a second part of a movie in which one of the main character ( Macaulay Culkin as Thomas J. ) die .
 the story be over after the first movie .
 I wonder why someone try to find a way to make the story go on .
 that be senseless !
 the film-school intellect can drool all they want about the important ( imagine ) meaning of this film , but it be just that : intellectual drool .
 this film be creatively bankrupt , and some mistake it be endless self-indulgent wank as substance .
 Yeah.Obviously Godard be n't a Stones fan .
 too bad , because this could have be great .
 he be capture the birth of this timeless song and he choose instead to cover the music with some guy read out of a true detective mag or some such crap.Then there be the endless shot of what look like @card@ 's librarian spray-paint word on people 's car .
 and then there be the seemingly neverending 'interview ' where the actress be brilliantly instruct to answer only yes or no to all the really deep and intellectual question .
 there be some dude in a purple suit be read more crap from a book , which go on for , oh , only about @card@ minute .
 and black panther or something in a junkyard.It almost sound intriguing ?
 well , it be not.But for unwashed film-school hipster who do n't care squat about the lose opportunity of have full access to the Stone bring sympathy for the Devil into the world and would rather hear some English guy read instead whilst gaze at the cover of nudie mag be , this film be a real winner !
 more accurately...maybe Godard just blow .
 this crew-versus-monsta have be do a hundred time , sometimes good .
 this one be pretty slow-moving ; only the monster 's resurrection be really worthwhile .
 attempt at character development get botch by routine .
 yeah , 'routine ' be the word .
 go straight to video in France .
 no wonder only the Antichrist could have be behind such a disaster .
 one only hope that this irony be the motivate force behind the 'film ' !
 this movie be so bad , it force me to register with IMDb , finally , just so I could trash it .
 what make this movie all the more tragic be that it have such great source material !
 I have never see a movie where all the element be so grotesquely mediocre as to render the result less than the sum of its parts.It may seem insignificant , but I will like to start with the score .
 as the proud owner of a music degree , I must register my indignation !
 I be tear between laughter and dry heave as I listen to what John Scheffer do to Goldsmith 's brilliant score ; it be far more gruesome than any of the burlesque death scene , and almost as inadvertently comedic .
 it be by far the most inappropriate score I have hear since , well , I really ca n't think of a bad one .
 maybe JAWS @card@ ?
 as for the plot.. .
 I be sorry .
 New Age mysticism ?
 ?
 ?
 what ever happen to the gritty realism of the original trilogy ?
 in those film ( more so in the first two than the third , but still !
 !
 ) the supernatural be for the most part imply , and it be this subtlety that make the movie so eerily believable .
 here we have crystal go black ( call all Skeksis and Mystics !
 !
 ) and inverted crucifix galore , even though in certain scene the crucifux would be perfectly normal but for the camera angle .
 go be the refined psychlogical manipulation tap the malaise inherent in our collective psyche : in its place a boorish 'slap in the face ' of recycled clich and transparent incompetence .
 add to that a lead 'actress ' so unbelievably ANNOYING that you fervently thank the director for those scene from which she be absent .
 never have I see a little girl so fundamentally irritate since little Stephanie ruin ALL in the FAMILY.Other than that , I have no strong feeling on the subject ; - ) luckily the first three film be sufficiently adroit as to render this train-wreck of waste celluloid inconsequential or , at the very most , a study in how NOT to make a film .
 viewer beware !
 may induce vomit if you be lucky .
 once again a film classic have be pointlessly remake with predictably disastrous result .
 the title be false as be everything about this film .
 the period be not persuasively render , and the lead seem way too young and too vapid to even be criminal .
 Arthur Penn 's film have style , humor , a point of view , and be make by talented people .
 even if the @card@ version do n't exist this would still be an unnecessary film .
 the @card@ version stray from the fact , present a glamorize version of Bonnie and Clyde , but it be exciting , and innovative for @card@ , and it have some outstanding performance that allow you to care .
 this @card@ remake seem cull from the original film rather than the truth as know and the actor in this version be callow , unappealing , and not the least bit interesting .
 by all mean skip this one and hope the @card@ version will be good .
 could it possibly be bad ?
 I hear this film be much more stylistic than the film director Guy Ritchie ( Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , Snatch ) have direct before , the problem be , it be possibly too stylistic .
 basically Jake Green ( Jason Statham ) be release from prison after seven year in solitary,and within two year he gamble load of his money .
 he be ready to seek revenge against the violence-prone casino owner who get Jake send to prison , Dorothy 'Mr .
 D ' Macha ( Ray Liotta ) .
 in the process , doctor tell Jake that he have three day leave to live as he be die from a rare blood disease , oh , and Macha put hit man on him .
 Loan shark Zach ( Vincent Pastore ) and Avi ( Andr Benjamin ) be demand Jake pay their cash back , and do some odd job for them .
 the film be fill with Jake narrate through some flashback , and through his last three day before come to the big revelation about Zach and Avi , and Macha , well , I assume that be what it be .
 also star Terence Maynard as French Paul , Andrew Howard as Billy , Mark Strong as Sorter , Francesca Annis as Lily Walker , Anjela Lauren Smith as Doreen and Elana Binysh as Rachel .
 the be sequence involve a little bit of animation , repeat line twice in different perspective , and change speed for moment , and all of these be irritate to the point of confusion and boredom , make it a silly crime drama .
 pretty poor !
 certainly one of the dozen or so bad movie ever release in any form , feature a bizarrely abominable performance by Rain Joan of Arc Phoenix ( River 's sister , inevitably ) , as Bonanza Jellybean plus inconceivably awful voiceover narration by Tom Robbins , the author of the novel , which had/retains its peculiar sweet/loopy charm .
 this movie be chill reminder of Bollywood be just a parasite of Hollywood .
 Bollywood also tend to feed on past blockbuster for further its industry.Vidhu Vinod Chopra make this movie with the reasoning that a cocktail mix of 'Deewar ' and 'On the Waterfront ' will bring home an Oscar .
 it turn out to be rookie mistake.Even the idea of the title be inspire from the Elia Kazan classic .
 in the original , Brando be show as raise dove as symbolism of peace.Bollywood must move out of Hollywood 's shadow if it need to be take seriously .
 I watch this movie when Joe Bob Briggs host Monstervision on TNT .
 even he could n't make this movie enjoyable .
 the only reason I watch it until the end be because I teach video production and I want to make sure my student never make anything this bad ... but it take all my intestinal fortitude to sit through it though .
 it be like watch your great grandmother flirt with a @card@ year old boy ... excruciatingly painful.If you take the actual film , dip it in paint thinner , then watch it , it would be more entertaining .
 Seriously.If you see this movie in the bargin bin at S-Mart , back away from it as if it be a rattlesnake .
 first off , I know nothing about 'Mazes and Monster ' before I watch it .
 I have no knowledge of the Role-playing controversy behind it or the fact that it be a Made-For-TV movie .
 when I look at the cover ( the update DVD one ) I seriously think it would be another Fantasy adventure like 'Legend ' , with Tom Hank as the nerdy hero from 1980s earth enter a mythical world to save a princess from an evil maze fill with monster .
 sound exciting , right ?
 that be what the cover suggest to you at first glance .
 I be give this movie as a gift , obviously under the same premise because my aunt know I be into action movie with a medieval myth theme .
 and it have Tom Hanks , one of my favorite actor .
 so I pop this movie in , expect a feel good movie with Tom Hanks in a 80s special effect world that would be good for a laugh.No !
 none of this happen .
 now before I continue I will confess , I be a nerd but I have no interest in Role-playing game .
 that be all this movie be about so my interest in the content be lukewarm at good .
 and M&M ; ( copyright infringement ?
 ) be not even a feel good role-playing base movie with lovable geek that use their imagination to enter a world of awesomeness .
 no !
 this be an Anti-Role-playing movie that must have be make by some religious folk ( the same people who also think Barney be the work of Satan .
 ) I understand , Satan be a crafty fellow but I do n't think he be desperate enough for soul to lull RPG lover into worship him .
 this movie be Thee anti-gamer movie .
 this be what I get from this movie : it hate RPGs and not only do it make fun of the people engage in Role-playing but it make poor Tom Hanks a mental patient.Tom have an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'Castaway ' , poor guy be alone but Tom somehow make his insanity fun and you literally see the volleyball as a lovable character through Tom 's good acting .
 I wish I watch that movie instead of this .
 in this movie , Tom be attack by a make believe dragon creature ( it look like a poorly make mascot for a RPG team ) and have a split personality that be creepy at good .
 Tom be act only exceed to make you feel bad for his character and nothing else .
 I get that the poor guy lose his brother and be not right in the head because of it so the movie do win point for be intentionally tragic .
 I be not one for film that exploit mental illness and the ending to 'M&M ; ' make me feel like cr*p .
 luckily I watch 'Hudson Hawk ' afterwards and get a good laugh before my soul be crush any further .
 Yah , 'HH ' surpass 'M&M ; ' by .
 .
 .
 a lot !
 this be not one of Tom 's good film .
 in fact it be thee most depressing movie I have ever see him in ( even 'Saving Private Ryan ' be not this depressing ) .
 I walk in hope to watch a feel good movie and I end up feel the exact opposite .
 if you want to watch a sad ( both emotionally and visually ) movie then by all mean watch this .
 if this movie be to convey a message , it be this : 'Do n't play RPGs if you be Cuckoo for Coco-Puffs .
 ' this movie be terrible .
 i think with all the some what decent actor , it would be good .
 do n't waste your time .
 Eva Longoria parker be awful .
 she should stick to desperate housewife .
 Paul Rudd be become a B actor .
 the mess he make in the movie i could never be your woman be the epitome of what i be say .
 and lake bell she be cute but definitely in need of some more acting lesson .
 watch just like heaven with Reese Witherspoon...it be a tad well .
 or any other ghost movie .
 you will be grateful to not have waste your precious time .
 PS i love you be also a good from beyond the grave romance !
 time to start watch movie rate over @card@ out of @card@ and listen to the people who have already see it .
 why be this film so bad ?
 well , if be so stupidly annoy and unfunny be a reason , then this film be it .
 the character of Corky Romano be unlikable at good and downright infuriate at bad .
 the gag be predictable but that be n't what make it bad .
 they be the lame sort of predictable joke that your unfunny friend would say.Corky Romano be about a mild mannered vet that try to do right but be so clumsy .
 his quiet life be throw for a loop when the family that once spurn him now need him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy any trace of the family 's crime history .
 however , it be n't that easy for Corky because the FBI believe him to be a super agent and peg him with the duty of spy on his very own family .
 mishap and mayhem ensue but it really do n't feel like any comic hijixn be there .
 Corky end up in love with his beautiful FBI partner and have to set the record straight with both the FBI and his family if he be to settle down to the quiet life again.I think what make this film irritate be both the lead actor and the suppose joke .
 Chris Kattan reveal his alarming limitation as and actor here as his one note slapstick routine fall flat about @card@ minute into the film .
 it be okay to have a full movie base solely off of dumb , slap stick humor .
 will Ferrel , Kattan 's SNL partner , seem to have make a full career out of it .
 the only difference between Kattan and Ferrel be that Ferrel know when to tone it down and rely on other way of tell a joke .
 there be absolutely no diversity in Kattan 's routine .
 it be hard to hear the same joke twice , but for a whole movie that be just pure torture.The other problem with the movie be the lack of truly original and funny joke .
 the gay mafia brother , the awkward guy sch-tick , and plenty of other forgettable joke appear none as funny as the first time you barely laugh at it .
 it seem as if the screenwriter have more of a fun time write this than any one have watch it .
 even with a cast that have some comedic talent ( Chris Penn , Peter Falk ) the joke that commence be tired .
 there be no chemistry too .
 this film be obviously one for the pocketbook for the actor .
 no body seem to care about it , or even try .
 sad thing be , no body tell Chris Kattan that .
 someone have a great idea : let be have Misty Mundae do her own , R-rated version of Lara Croft - firing two gun not only in skimpy outfit , but topless as well .
 it WAS indeed a great idea .
 the problem be that the people who have it could n't come up with any sort of script or budget to support it .
 therefore , we get a 'film ' that barely reach medium length by replay many of its part ( often in slow-motion ) , and be apparently shoot entirely inside a garage .
 the appeal of Misty Mundae be still evident : she be unbelievably cute and have a natural girl-next-door beauty .
 however her two female co-star here , with whom she share a lengthy lesbian scene , be nowhere near her league .
 if 'Mummy Raider ' be present as a Youtube video , I will rate it high , but as a 'film ' destine for DVD consumption it can get more than @card@ a * out of @ord@ this be a really funny movie.Every @card@ in the movie be try to be serious that be what make this movie so funny .
 I mean come on a shark 's head on a human body .
 can it get any funny .
 good job Sci-Fi keep the comedy movie come .
 I never think movie could get anymore retarded .
 if they keep it up they will have to rename the sci fie channel the comedy sci fi channel or something like that.I cant wait @card@ the next blockbuster movie from sci fi.Ill be ready with a bowl of popcorn and a case of beer or a bottle of liquor and Ill be ready to laugh it up again !
 !
 !
 when I go to see a movie about zombie be , I be not expect oscar calibre performance , or write on the level of the Godfather , but I do expect the actor to at least not look like their straining to read their cue card , and dialogue that do n't sound like it be type out @card@ minute before the actor read it into the camera .
 this movie be just awful , I actually get up and leave about @card@ minute in and go next door and watch Cold Creek Manor , that be n't very good either , but it seem like Citizen Kane compare to this pile of crap .
 on the plus side , the girl be very pretty , that be probably the only thing that keep me in my seat for long than the first @card@ minute , in fact I leave after the hot one get kill , there be n't anything to hold my interest after that .
 wow .
 rarely have I feel the need to comment on movie lately , but this one especially be beg for a beatdown .
 Let 's start at the beginning .
 first , writer-director Susan Montford put Kim Basinger in the tired old victim role , complete with the requisite abusive husband and dull suburban existence .
 let it be say right now that almost all content in this dull movie be completely hackneyed and trite .
 Montford 's pathetic attempt at symbolism involve the Christmas tree with no star be laughable.When she go out for some Christmas wrapping paper one dark and ominous night , Della be furious that somebody double-park their car on the busy shopping night of the year .
 she decide to do something about it , so she leave a nasty note on the car 's windshield .
 the next fifteen minute of the movie be devote to Della walk around aimlessly in the shopping mall .
 when she finally get to her car , the thug confront her about the note , a cop be kill , and she run , and they catch up to her , and she get away , and they chase her some more , and on and on .
 everything be completely predictable and uninvolving .
 the thug be not scary or menace at all , and they all get pick off one by one in all the usual ways.This be one of those movie in which all the action depend on the character be as stupid as you can imagine .
 why the bad guy do n't just kill her instead of wait for her to hit them with a tire iron be beyond me .
 and once , just once , in a film like this , do the leader of the pack have to die last ?
 what do it matter that they be all pick off one by one when they be all equally inept ?
 much of the movie simply consist of Lukas Haas run around in the wood scream 'Della !
 !
 !
 ' and the inclusion of Joy Division on the soundtrack of this wretched film be insulting.The part that really make me run for my computer keypad be when Della , exhaust and hurt , cry out to the heaven , 'Where be you , God ?
 ' where , indeed , be god when this movie be be make ?
 I give it a @card@ only because of competent cinematography and lighting , and it be not as bad as 'BTK Killer , ' the ultimate marker for judge any terrible film .
 cheer !
 this movie be awful !
 I do n't even know where to begin , I be speechless I ca n't even describe how awful this be .
 the blood be flourescent first of all , and the acting be awful !
 the only good part be the biker chick that save the day .
 this movie be rediculous , I do n't see how it could even get a vote of @card@ its so bad .
 it look like it be make by highschool student .
 this be a quite brutal movie .
 there be huge implausibility , and a silly script , bad acting , etc.The only reason to watch this movie be that from time to time some quite impressive set of breast be expose .
 without a doubt one of the bad movie I have see in recent year .
 the story focus on four woman drive to rob bank who we be somehow suppose to sympathize with .
 it be tough to sympathize with character who keep make such stupid decision .
 oh no , the cop be on to us , they know who we be , what do we do ?
 ...Let be rob one more bank then we be outta here !
 what !
 ?
 !
 every character be a stereotype and it be easy to tell who be gonna end up dead .
 I agree with most of the other guy .
 a waste of photon and valuable time.Nearly no joke be worth the paper be be write on .
 the only highlight from my pov be Olli Dittrich as Pinocchio .
 ( 'Egal , ich muss eh Waldsterben ' ) this remind of old time with RTL Samstag Nacht .
 it be hard to describe the performance of the actor , since most of them do n't even seem to have a good time during production and just 'do their thing ' .
 camera be OK , plot be laughable , I think you would be ashamed even if you discuss this with lot of beers.Apart from this I yawn all the time , wonder about how a script like this could even be consider for production and wait for the end.My @card@ year old son be please , but then he be please by so little at this age :-)Anyway , a @card@ point rating here nearly be @card@ point too much.. .
 I guess it be Jack 's great empathic ability that make him the powerful performer that he be , but empathy come at a price like all things-when he be surround by mediocrity he instinctively lower the standard and become one with it .
 he be a joke as a mafia-hit-man(also because the part do n't suit him one bit , him be so extroverted)and just grazing avoid make a fool of himself in this.Kathleen Turner have a much tooooo long career just by be tall and blonde , because her acting ability be limit to that thing she do with her eye , when she open them wide which she be convinced be sooooo damn sexy and Anjelica Huston be the absolute same(granted interesting ) in everything , just like Robert Loggia.The movie be a lame draft(and this will be the only mention of the rag they call script ) of a gangster-movie , with a cast that be probably only interested to get to the after-party faster(they certainly gather the party-going elite in this ) .
 what , do they shoot it in @card@ day ?
 -cause that would be the only explanation .
 can only be describe as awful .
 it be bad to start with and then get even more bad .
 when you start you really have to watch it through because it be impossible to believe that it can get bad - but fear not because it do .
 another poorly write script for a donkey director for no-talent offspring of past movie star .
 it be hard to decide if the script be bad than the act or whether the directing be bad than both .
 as for the hero - well he belt up everyone include one scene where he beat the live daylight out of the tough by swing open the wardrobe door and smash him against the window with it .
 and in another scene he get throw through a window and crash 20ft onto concrete - do n't even blink - then get up immediately and get stick into the baddie .
 this be a really ridiculous movie .
 Lucky it only cost me $1 to hire .
 well , I see this movie yesterday and it be - unfortunately - bad than you could think .
 first of all the plot be idiotic , it have no sense at all .
 the screenplay be full of intentionally funny dialogue .
 the audience be laugh many time .
 and the suspense be very low .
 actor play so-so , with an exception of Sharon Stone , who have some good moment but also some awfully bad act moment .
 the sad part be when she try to be aggressively sexy and say thing like 'I want to *beep* you ' and it look like , let be say it gently , a very very mature woman act rude and not sexy at all .
 that erotic tension from BI1 be totally go .
 from the technical point of basic instinct @card@ be a mediocre movie - good than typical straight to DVD , but on a far low lever than the original movie .
 for instance the scene of crazy joyride be do poorly .
 the director of basic instinct @card@ be no Paul Verhoeven and it show .
 the new composer be no Jerry Goldsmith and its show .
 the script be do by people who be no match for Joe Eszterhas .
 there be no substitute for Michael Douglas in it .
 the film look cheap and badly edit at time .
 I be sorry but my first thought after I leave the theater be : 'Why heave n't they make this movie earlier and with original talent behind the success of the first movie ?
 ' all to all the original movie be like Citizen Kane compare to this .
 the first basic instinct be a classic and be a kind of break-thru in the popular cinema .
 it be provoking , sexy and controversial .
 it have the good Sharon Stone 's performance in her career .
 it have this specific Paul Verhoeven 's style .
 unfortunately basic instinct @card@ be a unintentionally funny movie , badly direct and a sure Razzie Award Winner in many category .
 it be a pity that they make this film .
 it be funny .
 I have see a bunch of Fassbinder film and I have find some to be extremely creative and interesting , while other be repellent and self-indulgent messes--like this film .
 for me , it range from great to crap--without much in the middle .
 I know he have a lot of fan among the 'sophisticated ' , but I ca n't help but think that a lot of his appeal be pure hype .
 from my point of view ( and I know I will get a lot of negative rating for this ) , he make too many movie too quickly and be too self-indulgent .
 his gay or gender-bending film ( like this one ) tend to be really bad--sloppily do , sometimes quite boring ( such as QUERELLE and the Bitter TEARS of Petra von Kant ) and sometimes just gross ( like this film ) .
 could n't his message about acceptance of a person 's gender-confusion be handle well than show him get slap around or watch cow be gruesomely slaughter ?
 show some sensitivity for the subject matter and make your character more human and sympathetic--then , maybe , I will care about the films.I be honestly at the point after watch this film that I might not bother with any more Fassbinder films--the bad seem to be out-weighing the good .
 show in Australia as 'Hydrosphere ' , this incredibly bad movie be so bad that you become hypnotise and have to watch it to the end , just to see if it could get any worse.. .
 and it do !
 the storyline be so predictable it seem write by a high school dramatics class , the set be pathetic but marginally well than the miniature , and the acting be wooden.The infant 'muppet ' seem to have be steal from the prop cupboard of 'Total Recall ' .
 there do n't seem to be a single , original idea in the whole movie.I find this movie to be so bad that I laugh most of the way through.Malcolm McDowell should hang his head in shame .
 he obviously need the money !
 from a poorly contrived plot line that make almost no sense to bad dialogue and disjointed scene to the ultimate downer , bad acting ( even Peter Falk ca n't find his way ) 'Finding John Christmas ' be well left lose .
 Ms .
 Bertinelli 's performance be without depth or emotion as be her co-star , William Russ as brother Hank and David Cubitt as love interest Noah .
 Jennifer Pisana as Soccoro , the daughter of single dad Noah be almost unbearable to watch let alone listen to singing .
 but who can blame them with material like this .
 Michael J. Murray 's script be juvenile at best.Each year at this time I search the TV guide and wait anxiously for some of the really classic Christmas and inspirational holiday film to appear on the small screen .
 film like 'Miracle on 34th Street ' , Ernst Lubitsch 's delightful 'The shop around the corner ' and , of course the @card@ version of 'Scrooge ' .
 there be Frank Capra 's classic 'It be a wonderful life ' and 'Meet John Doe ' .
 hey , forget the classic .
 what about 'Home Alone ' or ' home for the holiday ' with Holly Hunter and a great performance by Robert Downey Jr .
 ?
 my present to you be by way of advice .
 your time would be well spend search out these film than find 'Finding John Christmas ' .
 Merry Christmas !
 I have see a lot of Seagal movie , and while most be n't great , or even good , this steamy pile lower the bar for bad movies.The plot : not sure really .
 something about a drug that make you all crazy and strong or something .
 who be the good guy and bad guy ?
 hard to tell .
 most of the movie be cut scene go back and forth between people in darkly light room complain about how good Seagals character 'Mashall ' is.Acting : Blows.Voice Dubbing , , , , , , what be with the horrible voice overdubbing ?
 !
 could they of find anyone who sound any less like Seagal ?
 may as well have Cheech or Chong do the voice over , might of at least be entertain then.This movie be boring , and completely stupid .
 avoid it at all cost !
 !
 !
 !
 quite typical for Swedish movie of this type .
 strange that the act be soooo bad , these actor usually give a good show .
 the casting be poorly do , it make you expect something ( I wo n't tell you what ) .
 the lead character be awful.. .
 I do n't know where they find her .
 anyway , stay away from this and go see 'Den Tredje Vgen ' instead , this be Swedish action in be prime .
 you do n't expect much from a PRC picture , and with rare exceptions--mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and a few by Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers--that be exactly what you get : not much .
 this 'epic ' about Nazi in Africa try to incite an Arab revolt against the British be n't much different .
 the script , by longtime PRC hack Arthur St .
 Claire and Sherman Lowe , be trite , laughable , full of unfunny 'wisecracks ' and plot hole the size of Outer Mongolia .
 the direction , by longtime PRC no-budget specialist Al Herman , be semi-comatose at good .
 the performance , though--except for spectacularly incompetent and irritatingly hammy lead Walter Woolf King--are n't really half bad .
 veteran comedian Parkyakarkus be actually the good thing about the film .
 he play a guy from Brooklyn masquerade as a razor-blade salesman and brighten up the screen considerably when he show up .
 he be get great comic timing , charm to spare and seem to be have a heck of a good time .
 Duncan Renaldo be fairly convince as an Arab sheik--despite his Spanish accent--and veteran bad guy George J. Lewis as Renaldo 's Arab rival do his usual fine job of villainy , even if he go a bit over the top sometimes .
 Joan Woodbury be quite pretty and have a nice light touch , and she and Renaldo have great chemistry together , although--like the rest of the cast--she have none at all with King .
 H.B. Warner , whose career stretch back to the silent era , lend a shred of dignity to the low-rent proceeding , even though he blow his line several time and , PRC being PRC , they be n't cut out .
 there be a great deal of stock footage splice in from a big-budget silent movie with a similar Arab theme--although I have no idea which one it is--and , PRC being PRC , no effort be make to try to make it inconspicuous : I have seldom see stock footage that be so blatantly obvious.'A Yank in Libya ' be n't very good , of course--well , OK , it stinks--but it would be worth a look just to see Parkyakarkus in his prime .
 I have hear of him and know that he be the father of actor/director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne , but have never actually see him in anything before .
 it be worth watch this tenth-rate PRC 'extravaganza ' just to see him in action .
 otherwise , forget it .
 howl II ( @card@ ) be a complete @card@ from the first film .
 whilst the first film be campy and creepy .
 the second one be sleazy and cheesy .
 the production value on this one be pretty bad and the acting be atrocious .
 the brother of the anchorwoman werewolf from part one want to find out what happen to his sis ' .
 the 'scene ' from the first film be badly re-create .
 a skinny plain look woman accompany bro ' ( Reb Brown ) to the old country ( Romania ) to uncover the mystery to her sister 's murder/transformation/death .
 Christopher Lee appear and disappear over now and then as sort of a sage/guide to the two .
 Sybil Danning and her two big asset appear as Stirba , the head werewolf of the Romania .
 she also suffer from a bad case of morning face , ewww !
 bad movie .
 there be nothing good about this stinker .
 I be surprise Philippe Mora direct this picture because he be usually a good film-maker .
 the film be so dark that you need a flashlight to watch it ( no , not the content but the film stock itself ) .
 to round the movie off you get a lousy 'punk ' performance from a Damned wannabe 'Babel ' .
 maybe if they fork over a couple of extra buck they could have get the real deal instead of an imitation.Best to avoid unless you be desperate or you lose the remote and you be too lazy to change the channel .
 I be rarely move to make a comment online about a film .
 but I ca n't understand how this one get make .
 who make it ?
 how could they have possibly think they be capable of make a feature film ?
 do they do a weekend course at some film school , get a nice big cheque from daddy and kidnap David Badiel 's family one by one until he agree to be in it ?
 or be he by any chance a longtime family friend/distant relation do this out of sheer , misplace kindness ?
 I do n't care , do n't want to know .
 even he look utterly embarrassed to be in it , mumble his line and hide his face from the camera .
 meanwhile the DOP must have be the gaffer from Neighbours , there seem to be absolutely no sound design , the script , the direction and edit be all abysmal , and quite frankly the apathy that overwhelm me right now mean that I ca n't be bother to spend any more of my life think about this film .
 when I first see the preview for this movie , I really could n't wait to see it .
 the plot seem good and the setting be great .
 I mean , a slasher movie that take place on prom night , great idea !
 !
 and the plot : a High School teacher that become sexually obsessed with one of his student , go crazy , get arrest , and escape three year later on prom night !
 prom night , a night that be suppose to be happy and memorable , turn into hell !
 !
 however , I see it and be extremely disappoint .
 it be not only the bad 'horror movie ' I have ever see , but it be one of the bad movie in general that I have ever see !
 !
 first of all , it be n't even scary .
 there be not one moment in that movie when I jump out of my seat .
 also , the murder scene be so cheesy and dull .
 all the slasher do be either stab his victim in the stomach multiple time or cut their throat .
 also there be absolutely no gore ( its rate PG-13 ) .
 the scene with the most blood be probably the one where the killer murder the black girl .
 he slit her throat and blood splatter on the sheet hang around them ( they do n't actually show him cut her throat).Next , you see the killer face the first time he be introduce in the movie .
 he be n't mysterious , creepy , or scary .
 he be just this guy who kill people.Also , everything in the movie be so clich .
 an example be when , at the end , the killer be about to kill the main character and at the last moment , the detective shoot and kill him .
 also , every single thing in this movie be so predictable .
 the victim , after see the guy with a knife , run for her life , hide , think she get away , and then the killer just pop out and kill her.Finally , the sequence of the movie be extremely bad .
 the guy go into the hotel , kill a few people , the body be discover , someone pull the fire alarm , and everyone evacuate .
 the main character forget something in her room , have an encounter with the killer , run and escape .
 Thats it !
 she and her boyfriend go home , the slasher kill the guard patrol the house , find the girl , then get kill by the detective .
 the movie sequence be so stupid and clich.If your thinking of see this movie all because the preview look good , trust me , do n't waste your time or money .
 no wonder this movie be be show in the small theater in the movie theater .
 my friend and I , along with these two girl sit in the back , be the only one in the theater .
 that should have tell me something about the movie beforehand .
 if I could give it a zero , I will change my mind and give it a @card@ instead .
 absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot , do n't make sense of what be happen .
 just Plain Boring .
 please do n't waste your money on this one .
 Pleaseee !
 !
 !
 this movie could have do so well if it truly depict the real zodiac killer 's story , but nopes , I do n't feel anything but disgust while watch it .
 do yourself a favor and rent some classic movie instead , its good to watch a movie you have already see like @card@ time than watch this crap !
 I do n't understand why people even bother to make such movie when they know its not go to do well .
 zodiac killer should be call 'Boriac killer ' instead !
 !
 !
 I so want to believe in this movie after the only form of mainstream comedy this country recognise be slapstick and stereotypes.Of course , it go completely the other way - let be be cool and edgy - and come out the other side with little to show for it .
 I bet one Small Seed go nut for this .
 I know SL did.None of the main character have the comedic chop to pull it off .
 even Danny K have good timing .
 I be actually be serious .
 every time they introduce a bit character I keep think , 'Darn , this person should have be the lead !
 '.Independent do n't mean that the camera work need to be horrible .
 Black and white do nothing for this movie - actually with such flat dialogue it hurt this even more by bring the boredom into sharp relief .
 the black and white also be n't crisp .
 the composition be horrible .
 the use of music be horrible .
 strangely enough I watch Little Miss Sunshine after this movie and the composition on that be superb - maybe that be why the deficiency in this movie stick out in my mind.I think Corne ( who be funny than the lead before he even say anything ) be speak to this movie and not David - see it and you will understand .
 I bet the guy who organise Oppikoppi be dismay .
 one would think nothing happen there at all .
 I get the feeling it could have be film in someone 's back garden .
 I know regular guy who have much funny , raunchy and witty conversation than any of these 'comics ' .
 the dude who they hook up with end be OK though.Guess SA comedy 's gonna stay in the stone age a little longer .
 nice work guy .
 I give this film @card@ star only because Dominic Monaghan actually put effort through in his acting .
 everything else about this film be extremely amateur .
 everything associate with the direction of this film be very poorly execute .
 not only should the director rethink what she be do for a life career but maybe she should watch a few film .
 as Dominic Monaghan be a very credible actor , place him in a film of this caliber make him look awful .
 whomever the 'actor ' be that play Jack 's good friend should never have step in front of the camera .
 I do n't expect much from such a small film , but perhaps a little more time and effort should be put into the character and their surroundings .
 do n't waste your time or money on this film ( like I do ) you will be sorely disappoint .
 yes , MTV there really be a way to market Daria .
 what start as a clever teenage angst-'comment on everything that suck and make the viewer feel good about their sucky teenage life ' sitcom now mutate into a 'how you should deal with your problems'-charade .
 I use to watch Daria all the time and love it .
 now , sit here after watch the so call 'movie ' I can only wonder what the point of this all be .
 Daria tell us how to lead out life in college ?
 excuse me ?
 do n't the point Daria make every episode that what you like to do be ok , as long as it be ok with yourself no matter what the rest of the sick sad world think of it ?
 this entire thing remind me of the scene in 'Reality bite ' the movie channel show the documentry for the first time .
 Jean-Claude Van Damme play twin brother Alex and Chad , both whom be martial art expert who team up to take down the mobster responsible for the murder of the parent in this empty head martial art actioner which do n't have a plot that would make good use of the gimmick of have two Jean-Claude Van Dammes .
 some okay actionscenes , but this be not one of Van Damme 's good .
 I do n't really know whether Cabin Fever be suppose to be a joke or a film.. .
 but as far as I know , it be much closer to be a joke than anything else .
 a few year ago , the community of horror film maker decide to take a new step and make fun of the genre , thus give birth to the Scream series .
 a list be give in Scream , of all the stupid thing horror film character will do that be predictable , and the character in Scream end up do exactly the same thing , which add a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre , and lead to hope that horror film from now on would show a bit different , either full of irony towards the genre , self-derision towards the film itself , or at least different in their dramatic process than all the 'old ' film that respond to the same tired criterion .
 in see 'Cabin Fever ' , alas , many will see how unoriginal , serious , pretentious , boring and even not scary some supposedly 'scary ' film be now , even a few year later .
 first of all , this film lack originality in a way few other do .
 it have be say several time , how little imagination horror director have today , remake remake of foreign sequel , but set the film in a cabin in the wood just do n't seem to be an 'hommage ' to anything , it seem to be , simply , a ripoff .
 whoever wish to be surprise by other factor of the film 's story wo n't be : once again , we be deal with a film whose character be all in their early twenty , who wo n't think rationally when place in front of a problem , will rather argue for hour and pick up fight than try to think and do something about it .
 not much excitement there either .
 for the umpteenth time in a horror film , they be tempt to kiss , make love and just basically have fun , all sort of thing that do n't really make them any different than any other horror film victim see previously .
 secondly , this film be unimaginatively serious .
 every situation the character be in , every dialog , every situation in the film be treat with such seriousness that any viewer with a little sense of derision will be relieve when some character finally end up die .
 nothing in the way the film be direct , write or act show any sign of humor or sarcasm , which be quite amazing consider the film be about an invisible-never-heard-of-before-flesh-eating-virus ( no laugh please ) .
 I wo n't even bring up the acting , since there be no actor in this film .
 the cast be most certainly hire for be friend or neighbor with the director .
 thirdly , and this will strike whoever have see a 'good ' horror film before , the screenplay be absolutely empty .
 nothing really happen , some action be repeat several time ( 'let 's try to get help !
 ' ) , nothing make sense , either in the fact , the psychology of the character , or even the hilariously lame last sequence of the film , which be probably suppose to be funny accord to the director and screenwriter .
 in the end I will only remark that a horror film be suppose to have something scary in it .
 gallon of fake blood , whether they be be vomit , squirt from sever limb or simply drip from wound , never be enough to scare an audience .
 such major feature as screenplay , idea , and even cruelty be request for whoever claim to have shoot something scary .
 if I be n't consider it to be a total failure , I would agree to reckon that the film have one talent : it be filthy disgust to watch .
 yet being grossed-out and be scared be two very different feeling , let it be known.I would like to encourage anyone a tad curious or interested in see this film to check old major horror film first , why not from the 60s , the 70s , the 80s , film make by Wes Craven , Dario Argento , Sam Raimi , Stanley Kubrick , David Lynch , Roger Corman , William Lustig , John Carpenter.. .
 it might not only give a good definition of what be scary , or self-derisory horror , but also convince viewer that 'new ' be n't necessarily 'better ' .
 a good example relate to the film be the few track composer Angelo Badalamenti provide for this film , even although they be unmistakably close to his previous composition , they be below anything he have ever do before .
 Dr .
 K(David H Hickey)has be try to master a formula that would end all disease and handicap , but need live donor to complete his work .
 his doctor brother Richard(Dennis O'Neill)has a son name Eddie(Derek Philips)who be accept to medical school .
 Eddie have a girlfriend name Sarah(Lizabeth Cardenas)who be pre-law and plan to attend law school herself the come fall .
 she and Eddie resume their relationship when Sarah call thing off with her current boyfriend who be also shag the lady of Walt(Bill Sebastian ; Eddie 's good friend who recently pay for his cheating girlfriend 's boob job ) .
 Eddie accidentally get hit by a car and appear on the throes of death when Dr .
 K make a suggestion to Richard..let him 'recuperate ' Eddie use his secret , illegal method .
 when Dr .
 K apply his serum to Eddie horrify result occur .
 Eddie 's face bulge massive wart while he have also acquire a taste for human flesh .
 many will die so that Eddie can feed this uncontrollable appetite he ca n't quench .
 soon he may even pose a threat to his father and girlfriend..Eddie monster must be stopped.Typically awful direct-to-video horror flick suffer from a severe lack of budget , act , and overall talent .
 the premise , which seem like an interesting fright-fest , fail to deliver even as a zombie flick .
 the gore be limit with a few munch scene but most of the violence occur off-camera .
 the use of time to move the story along can really get annoy .
 this series get @card@ star solely because it put some of Dickens ' Bleak House on film and perhaps someone will read the book .
 contrary to what be probably receive opinion , Diana Rigg be poor as Lady Dedlock .
 she be clunky and wooden .
 Lady D. be a reserved character but not a martinet .
 Denholm Elliot be wrong , wrong , wrong for Mr .
 Jarndyce .
 so I will interrupt myself and respond to all those people who be say : 'I do n't read the book , so I do n't have to take this guy 's opinion because he be base his evaluation on the book .
 ' true and not true .
 for ex , Diana Rigg be bad in her role because of poor acting whether or not you have read the book .
 on the other hand , Denholm Elliot be a passable Jarndyce ( although too old ) .
 the series fail not because it be unfair to compare it to the book , but because the various plot line and character just do n't coalesce to make a coherent , dramatic , mysterious andcompelling entertainment .
 it be dull and flat .
 if you want to make apossibly good Bleak House , you need to expend @card@ hour of film in @card@ two hour episode .
 but I suggest that producer etc .
 leave Dickens alone ( even a Christmas Carol ) .
 television deaden the genius of Dickens as manifest in his ingenious plot and unforgettable character .
 silly , simplistic , and short , Gun Crazy ( VOLUME @card@ : a Woman From NOWHERE ) go nowhere.This brief ( just over sixty minute ) tale be n't so much inspire by the classic spaghetti Western as it be a rip-off of Sam Raimi 's THE Quick & THE Dead ( his admit homage to the spaghetti Western ) bring into a contemporary setting .
 in Quick & Dead , Sharon Stone 's character seek revenge against the dastardly sheriff ( play by Gene Hackman ) who , when she be but an urchin , place the fate of her father ( a brief cameo by Gary Sinise ) in her hand ; she accidentally shoot him through the head .
 in Gun Crazy , Saki ( play by the nimble Ryoko Yonekura ) seek revenge against the dastardly Mr .
 Tojo ( play with minimalist appeal by Shingo Tsurumi ) , who , when she be but an urchin , place the fate of her father in her hand ; she let her foot slip off the clutch , and dear ole dad be draw and quarter by a semi truck .
 the only significant difference , despite the setting , be the fact that Tojo sadistically cripple Saki with well , I wo n't spoil that for you in case you decide to watch it.In short , Saki a pale imitation of the Clint Eastwood 's 'Man with no name ' ride into the town basically , there be a auto shop and a tavern alongside an American military base , so I guess that suffice for a town corrupt by Tojo , the local crimelord with a ridiculously high price on his head for reason never explain or explore .
 confess her true self as a bounty hunter , Saki take on the local gunman in shootout whose choreography bare more than a pass similarity to the work of Johnny To and John Woo .
 of course , by the end of the film Saki have endure her fair amount of torture at the hand of the bad guy , but she rise to the occasion on her knee , in a laughable attempt at a surprise ending and vanquish all of her enemy with a rocket launcher.Do n't ask where she get the rocket launcher .
 just watch it for yourself .
 try not to laugh.The image quality be average for the DVD release .
 there be a grainy quality to several sequence , but , all in all , this be n't a bad transfer .
 the sound quality leave a bit to the imagination at time , but , again , it be n't a bad transfer.Rather , it be a bad film .
 what a crime...You forget to brush your teeth...let be make a @card@ minute show about it and have a couple of kid make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that be what he have to do.But , do n't forget Uncle Joey have to make some weird noise and cooky face , then Uncle Jesse have to show up with his black leather jacket and some jean and look pretty for a few minute while everybody discuss how Mother would have do thing if she be around..Yep , full of zany little adventure about a whole bunch of nothing and an entire overlong story to build around it.Full House will not only bear you to tear , but it will make you age twenty time faster than you normally would .
 I do n't understand why people would praise this garbage .
 its wrong , stupid , unrealistic , awful , and just about everything else .
 the film be a view on life , racial issue , prejudice , and everything else that strangely go on in College .
 this be where it fail .
 it have no grasp on reality .
 from many questionable non-sense scene in the movie such as for exampleA black man chase down a white man with a gun , the black man and stop by the security guard handcuff and carry out while the gunman run right past them.The same white man snipering down people from a roof topic which be stop and beat down by the same black man be then stop and give a Rodney King style beating while the gun man run free while a moment later be chase back down by only one of the four guards.As one previous reviewer point out several white 230lbs man be beat down by several black man weigh around 160lbs include the 105lbs Bust A RhymesAnother critical flaw in the film be the shallow uninteresting main character .
 from the scared and confused white people and the mean , angry , and yet rightful ( ?
 ) black people .
 its almost as its an insult to both black and white people .
 I be a white male and I know many black and Hispanic people who agree that this movie be wrong to portray character and give them those characteristic exclusively due to their race.The storyline which I will explain now revolve around three character .
 one a black athlete , the other a confused scared white girl who question her sexuality , and the third be a white man who be also confuse and scare , then blame his problem on black people in which he become a Nazi later in the film .
 they all have their share of problem and adventure include sex , rape , fight , love , hate , prejudice , racial war , and oh yeah do n't forget education .
 which all come down at the end for the fatal shoot out .
 in which after they go back to their boring life and think 'being white be bad ' .
 do this sound alot like your college year ?
 do n't think so .
 I do n't think the director attend college especially if he be to make this awful mess.Overall this be a really bad , bad , ugly movie .
 if you want to see a more accurate view or racial issue go see American history X. if you want to see a more accurate view of college rent Porkys .
 just avoid this mess .
 this adaptation positively butcher a classic which be beloved for its subtlety .
 Timothy Dalton have absolutely no conception of the different nuance of Rochester 's character .
 I get the feeling he never even read the book , just saunter on set in his too tight breech and be hand a character summary that read 'Grumpy , broody , murky past .
 ' he play Rochester not as a character or as a real person but as an over the top grouch who never crack a smile until after he get engage at which point he miraculously morph into a pansy .
 there be no chemistry .
 the only feeling that this adaptation excite in me be incredulity and also sympathy for Charlotte Bronte who be most definitely turn in her grave .
 go and reread the book .
 Rochester have a personality .
 and By THE Way : a 'PASSIONATE ' Love SCENE Does NOT Mean you Have To EAT Her Face .
 there be a lot of talk of torture these day .
 that be all this movie be .
 it be about a good person who make a bad decision .
 because of his kindness , he become vulnerable to two psychotic woman .
 from then on its a just-for-kicks assault on him .
 I do n't know at what point you do something about it .
 there be a wife and child out there somewhere ; he have great feeling of guilt and fear .
 but there should have be some time when he could have act .
 the movie seem to be somebody 's joke .
 I suppose in the wake of the Manson murder , we have a bit of a fixation on the like of these two .
 nevertheless , why would someone make a film like this ?
 what appeal do it have except for sadism .
 the conclusion be totally unsatisfy , but that could have be remedy with an obvious plot twist .
 oh , well .
 another hour and a half of my life .
 I question the motive of the creator of this fictional account of the BTK killer 's motive .
 be they attempt to portray animal right activist as sick monster ?
 who be responsible for this ?
 do n't they think the people involve with this monster be hurt enough ?
 what a blatant disrespect and exploitation of the victim !
 it be like a personality experiment : what disturb you more , the slaughterhouse or the human murder ?
 they use actual name of some of the victims....this movie be hideous , disrespectful and insulting !
 the creator of this movie use this tragedy for their own agenda !
 people need to awaken and redraw the line !
 during a sleepless night , I be switch through the channel & find this embarrassment of a movie .
 what be they thinking ?
 if this be life after 'Remote Control ' for Kari ( Wuhrer ) Salin , no wonder she have go nowhere.And why do David Keith take this role ?
 it be pathetic !
 anyway , I turn on the movie near the end , so I do n't get much of the plot .
 but this must have be the good part .
 this nerdy college kid bring home this dominatrix-ish girl...this scene be straight out of the comic book -- or the cheap porn movie .
 she call the mother anal retentive and kiss the father 'Oh , I do n't expect tongue !
 ' great line !
 after this , I have to see how it ended..Well , of course , this bitch from hell have a helluva past , so the SWAT team be upstairs .
 and yes...they surround her !
 and YES YES !
 the kid blow her brain out !
 !
 !
 !
 AHAHHAHAHAHA !
 !
 this be must-see TV .
 I sort of accidentally end up watch this movie .
 I be still not sure if I regret it or not .
 I feel like I be watch the film make by that group of film school student that do n't quite make the cut .
 it play up every Hollywood clich imaginable , all the while flog us with the 'corporations be the ultimate evil ' message .
 subtlety this movie do not know .
 as far as that go , it even manage to provide it 's own spoilers.The story appear to be a computer nerd 's fantasy world come true .
 the lead character be an attractive teenage boy with a girlfriend , yet be a programming genius and apparent hacker ( I think ) , among many other nerd-fantasy-come-true element that you will have to see for yourself.As well , I should have know it would be a z-movie when I see Ned Bellamy.. .
 he tend to be a good tip-off.Ca n't recommend this one , I be afraid .
 this be not the bad film I have see of Peter Greenaway but it be close .
 that dishonor go to the even bad Pillow Book .
 this director 's film of @card@ I have see I find them all to be miserable .
 like the Cook...,whatever positive cinematic flourish he display , be totally unredeemed by the repugnancy of his material and overall presentation .
 not only be this the most expensive Canadian film ever shoot in BC , but easily the bad , never see the light of day .
 the director be not even Canadian , but British , and boy do it show .
 we be all make out to be a bunch of over-sexed dope fiend and moron .
 the spirit of what it mean to be Canadian be absent , and this be suppose to be the reason we fund this bunk .
 of course the British character be normal .
 the rest be a crop of sitcom stereotype - can you say 'Norm !
 !
 ' ?
 the cinematography range from pretty postcard image to murky indoor silhouette .
 the actor always seem to be fidgetting .
 be they as bore as the viewer , or be this the director idea of cinema ?
 avoid this mess and check out some of Bruce Mcdonalds film .
 a true Canadian boy with something original to say cinematically .
 you wo n't be compel to walk out on HIS film after @card@ minute .
 the only reason I even give it a @card@ out of @card@ be because the option to give it zero out of @card@ be not allow .
 this be the big waste of time I have ever endure .
 for roughly @card@ minute , you be subject to the WORST acting ( and I do n't mean that in a good way either , like as in Killer NERD which have great horrible acting ) and a plot that be not only ridiculous but also have absolutely NOTHING to do with a massacre .
 the reason I even rent this piece of crap be because it have massacre in the title .
 that say , there be only one killing in the entire movie and it be pretty lame at that .
 you spend more time watch the kid bicker and do yard work than anything .
 speak of the kid , the little boy actor be probably the most irritate child actor since bob from house by the cemetery .
 do I mention it be shoot on video as well ?
 if you want to throw away money and over an hour of your life , then by all mean watch it .
 but if you savor your hard earn dollar and time , then stray as far away as possible .
 Ahh , the dull t.v. show and pilot that be slam together in the @card@ be to make equally dull t.v. movie !
 some example would be Riding with Death(the most hysterically cheesy of the lot ) , Stranded in Space(confusing and uninteresting ) , San Francisco International(horribly dull and unbelievably confusing ) , and this turgid bit of Quinn Martin glamor.Shot in Hawaii(although you would n't know it from the outside shot ) , it be apparently a failed pilot for a lame spy show .
 the real problem be that you don ; it like most of the character , include the drab main character Diamond Head , who seem half asleep for the entire movie ; his boss 'Aunt Mary ' , who have a really weird delivery of his line and shellack white hair as well as the a tan that look like it have be stucco on ; Diamnd Head 's girlfriend/fellow agent(hell , I ca n't even remember her name ) a skinny , wooden woman with a flat way of speaking that be just not sexy or interesting ; and the singing sidekick Zulu(again , i ca n't remember his character 's name)who be n't bad in small dose .
 the most interesting person in the whole production be Ian McShane , who suck as a bad guy but still prove his acting chop .
 Alothugh the make-up job this so-called 'chameleon ' use to disguise himself be just laughable .
 I have absolutely no idea what he be do or what he be try to steal from the lab that cause him to dress as a South American Dictator cum American General .
 nor do I care .
 the plot simply be n't interesting enough to hold your attention for even ten minute at a time , let alone the hour and a half or so it go on .
 just call this one - Hawaii Five No !
 Filmfour be go to have to do a lot well than this little snot of a film if they be go to get the right sort of reputation for themselves.This film be set in Glasgow ( although only a couple of secondary character have anything approach a Scottish accent ) .
 the premise , about people who 's life be go nowhere , who all meet up in the same cafe in the early hour of the morning as they have night job , COULD have make for a really funny , insightful , quirky , cultish film .
 instead we have a group of self-obsessed saddos and a plot which have be so do to bit I be suprise it have n't be ban .
 X and Y be friend .
 X be sleep with Z. Y sleep with Z as well .
 oh you figure it out.A total waste of time .
 painful dialogue - it sound like something that a group of @card@ year old would have write for a GCSE drama project .
 the female character be completely superfluous - just write in as a token female in the hope that woman would be cajole into see it.If you be the sort of thicko lad who laugh at beer advert and can usually be find wander round in pack shout on Saturday night in nondescript town centre then you will love this film and find it 'a right laff ' .
 everyone else , run , do n't walk away from this sorry little misfit.And one question , when the group leave the 'boring ' seaside town ( Saltcoats incidentally although they change the name on the film ) , to go back to Glasgow , why do they do it via the Forton motorway service at Lancaster which be in England ?
 despite be a sequel to the more potent original , this be more of a comical remake of Friday THE 13TH concern the further antic of psychopathic Angela , kill more nubile teen for their 'immorality ' at a camp.Pamela Springsteen ( sister of Bruce ) look great .
 there be some pretty darn funny sex scene with some pretty darn attractive girl , but the movie be so ( unintentionally ) comedic rather than suspenseful , it be a stinker.* out of ****.MPAA : rate R for graphic violence and gore , nudity , and for some sexuality , language , and drug use .
 this sword-&-sorcery story of an appallingly brutal and callous 'hero ' vanquish an evil king be worthless in almost every detail .
 the acting be horrible from the lead to the support role .
 the leer , gloat glee with which the director show the hero smear blood around be absolutely disgusting ; nor be it redeem by any justice to his cause , since he be as bad as the people he be fight .
 Z-movie edit be abundant , include a scene where a character 'dies ' from a sword thrust that very obviously miss completely !
 the movie be clearly bank on the charm of the female lead , Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson , who be parade around mostly naked throughout the movie .
 as a 20-something male , I will not pretend that female flesh on the screen do n't attract me .
 but the treatment of their character be so degrading and the sex scene so casual and joyless , that I could n't enjoy even this aspect of the movie.Most cheesy movie of this era be at least somewhat redeem by a light-hearted , tongue-in-cheek feel ( the sequel be good in this regard ) , but DEATHSTALKER seem to take itself completely seriously as heroic fantasy .
 no way !
 avoid at all cost !
 rating : @card@ out of **** .
 the funny scene of this movie be probably when our saviour get their medal and plaque and whatnot .
 so the basic idea be , the police outnumber these gangster by like a million to one , but they be powerless because the villain ' gun be just a bit big .
 I guess police ammo just kinda bounce of .
 they decide to shoot this movie in documentary style with fake interview and all and seriously , what be wrong with these guy ?
 they be talk like they be arm with rolled-up newspaper .
 okay I admit , it be probably still dangerous to be in the line of the fire , even when the situation be so much to your advantage , but do n't go nut .
 and why the hell do it take @card@ minute to solve everything anyway ?
 I will say that be a very long time when you have them surround and you be allow to shoot .
 they be like ten ft .
 away , they hit absolutely nothing .
 then they go and buy big gun themselves to increase their heroism .
 and then yeah , there you have it , one of the cop actually hit someone .
 bullet be probably divert by a lamp post or something .
 I have a good laugh I guess .
 a BDSM 'sub-culture ' of Los Angeles serve as backdrop for this low budget and shabbily construct mess , plainly a vanity piece for its top-billed player , Celia Xavier , who also produce and script while perform a dual role as twin sister Vanessa and Celia .
 a question soon develop as to whether or not some rather immoderate camera , light and edit pyrotechnics can ever reach a point of connection to a weak and often incoherent narrative that will not be take seriously by a sensate viewer .
 Celia be employ as a highly motivate probation officer for the County of Los Angeles , while her evil natured twin have become an iconic figure within her fetishistic world largely because of erotic performance upon CD-ROMS , but when disaster befall 'Mistress Vanessa ' , virtuous Celia , determine to unearth her sister 's vicious attacker , begin a new job as a 'sex slave ' at the private Castle Club where the specialty of the house be a 'dungeon party ' .
 two FBI field agent ( whose deployment to the Vanessa case be ostensibly require due to her involvement with Internet BDSM site ) , in addition to a Los Angeles Police Department homicide detective , be assign to investigate the crime , while endeavour to provide security for Celia whose enthusiastic performance in her new vocation be avidly enough regard by her customer as to have create condition of personal danger for her .
 flaw in logic and continuity abound , such as a homicide be allocate to L.A.P.D. 's Operations-South Bureau , a region of the metropolis that be far remove from the setting of the film .
 direction be unfocused and not aid by erratic post-production edit and sound reproduction .
 the mention photographic gymnastics culminate with a batty montage near the movie 's end of prior footage that be but tangentially referent to the scenario .
 one solid act turn appear among this slag : Stan Abe as a zealous FBI agent .
 Home Alone @card@ be one of my least favourite movie .
 it be the cream of the crop , or s*** if you tend to be more cynical , as it rank up ( or down ) there with stuff like Battlefield Earth and Flinstones : Viva Rock Vegas .
 in fact , it could even be bad than those two , since those two at least intermittently make me laugh at their stupidity .
 this just make me cringe in pain constantly and clap when the credit start roll .
 no other movie have make me cringe in pain .
 now I will point out exactly why this movie be so incredibly atrocious.First off , the plot be ridiculous .
 it revolve around a chip in a remote control car ( ?
 !
 ) that be misplace and how these terrorist want it .
 dumb stuff.The action that ensue be similar to that of the other two Home Alones , with boobytraps and all , but watch these boobytraps be execute be , rather than be funny , incredibly unpleasant to watch .
 I do n't laugh ( or even so much as smile ) once , rather , I cringe constantly and hope that the terrorist would nail the kid .
 the bird , rather than provide comic relief , be unfunny and annoying.The act , as do by a bunch of no name , range from poor to atrocious .
 there be not a single good performance here .
 Alex D.Linz be absolutely unlikeable and unfunny as the kid , while the terrorist act ( and judge by their movie credit , look ) as they have be hastily pick off the street...and well , that be it.I can see some people say : 'Man , it be for the kid .
 do n't dis it , man .
 ' Well Man , kid may like this , but they can get a hell of a lot well .
 see Monsters Inc .
 and Toy Story before even consider get this out .
 hell , even Scooby Doo and Garfield ( which suck - see those review for more ) be good than this !
 so in short , this be an irredeemably atrocious movie .
 this be clearly recycle for the money , as it almost completely rip off the first two ; the only thing be , it completely insult the first two as well .
 no human , kid or otherwise , should find any reason to see Home Alone @ord@ ever .
 it be THAT bad.0/5 star what be Steven Seagal thinking ?
 I mean firstly I love Seagal .
 I love all his movie up to the mid 2000s .
 his early stuff be some of the good in the genre .
 this however do not live up to its excellent name .
 Attack Force ( with protagonist Marshall Lawson { Seagal } ) would be expect to be a mindless action movie with Seagal in typical one-liner ass kick form .
 however , what we get be a crime mystery , border on a political thriller with little or no action .
 Seagal be always in shadow because of his weight .
 I could not follow this story .
 there be people who mutate to superhumans when they take a drug .
 what happen in this movie .
 the dubbing of Seagal be a disgrace , a shambles and a shame .
 why dub the man ?
 the story be terrible .
 this get a @card@ from me because of the scene where Seagal ask for backup despite have an army with him , and an hilarious fight scene where seagal swing his hand like a girl face the camera !
 'Revenge be a two way street ' seagal say in this movie...well forget revenge Steven , you need redemption !
 I should say right away that I check the spoiler box only because I be give this comment the amount of thought proportional to what this mess of a movie deserve , and do n't want to be hold responsible for some plot point incidentally slip out.This comment will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I be still under the influence of this movie , have just watch it , and the unique effect this have render one incapable of the sort of forethought and paragraph structure require for coherent , reasoned criticism .
 that be not a compliment .
 it be n't the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or think provoking movie .
 the feeling it stir up combine like some uncomfortable emotional Voltron , compose of a confusing mix of some form of rage , the vague desire to take a shower , the rudderless , sink feeling of true betrayal one get when they realize they have give @card@ minute of their life into the hand of someone who would not only squander it , but do so in such a pompous , artless way .
 and I probably would n't have do anything super productive with that @card@ minute anyway !
 but even if I have spend it on something trivial , like a power block of masturbation and online poker , I would have feel more fulfill when all be say and done.The problem with this movie be myriad , and in good time I will articulate exactly what they be in a semi-adult fashion .
 but in keep with what this movie deserve , I think I will most likely stick to the realm of masturbation joke and cartoon references.The most irritate and terminal flaw be that while watch this movie one be keenly aware that the maker and participant think they be make a much smart movie than they be .
 demonstrate the depth of knowledge one could pick up in a one semester survey of Western art history at a community college or trade school , the art-jargon be pile on thick and from all direction , with much of it supply by talk between our hero , the tortured detective Stan ( Willem Dafoe , who I will forgive for this movie due to him be Willem Dafoe ) and his accent antique dealer buddy Blair ( Peter Stormare , take a break from play a sociopath for whom murder come easy by play a 2-dimensional plot device in a movie about a sociopath for whom murder come easy ) .
 and talk they do .
 in fact , we be drop into this story at a crime scene that may indicate the reemergence of a serial killer Stan think he kill year earlier , so all the back story be establish partially through unclear flashback , but primarily through stilted conversation between Stan and his dealer , or Stan and his colleague , the unforgivably irritate Carl ( Scott Speedman ) .
 and although I differentiate the character Carl ( Scott Speedman ) from the actor who play him by use parenthesis , I must admit that very early on in the film I despise this character so much that I actually find myself sincerely wish harm on the actor portray him ( Scott Speedman ) .
 not anything too fancy .
 not death or paralysis , necessarily. .
 but maybe herpes ?
 or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm ?
 this be a dangerous digression , but I be not edit it out because I want to leave anyone read this who be think about pay to see this train wreck of a movie with a clear impression of the horrible wish and feeling it stir in even the most peaceful man.Well , I be sort of run out of steam here. .
 over the course of write this the sick feeling this movie bring up in a me have subside , my head have clear a bit .
 realize now that I be still invest time in something relate to this piece of sh !
 t be startlingly similar to wake up after a night of suicidally heavy drinking next to the heave form of a still slumber @card@ pound college girl .
 your first urge be a desperate desire to flee .
 this be natural .
 I be write this because I somehow feel be lead to believe dark Remain be a good movie .
 whilst it be not the bad I have see , it certainly be n't good.A Weak script , weak actor , and weak directing .
 even if they ca n't afford big name cast , would it be too much to ask for a more attractive lead actress ?
 it be painful to watch a plain actress through out the film with her dull performance .
 the story be a clich and poorly script .
 the special effect be minimal .
 the 'suspense ' trick employ repetitively here be hard to swallow.To be fair , dark Remain be no bad than quite some of the Masters of Horrors ' episode .
 but not quite on par with quality movie yet .
 dark Remain be only recommend for the hardcore horror fan who do n't want to miss any movie in the genre , even if it be a poorly make one .
 as for anyone else , time should be spend on something more valuable - which should be extremely easy .
 this be the bad imaginable crap .
 the novel by H. Rider Haggard be very entertaining and dramatic .
 the maker of this worthless movie do n't follow it closely .
 well , old novel be n't sacred and make free version of them be fine with me if one have idea of one be own .
 if all one can do be change thing and replace them with uninteresting and watered-down clichs one should stick to the original .
 if they have do that this film would have be at least twice as good even with bad actor and if film inside a studio with hut make of cardboard .
 but there be no imagination at all only tiredness .
 this should be buy or watch only by collector of Victorian novel make into movies.Just a hint , and not a spoiler I think , to make those of you who have read the novel understand what have take place and what you may expect if you decide to watch this on TV or - God forbid - waste money on buy this .
 Gagool an old baddie witch in the book and some precursor to Gollum have be turn into a nice gal !
 how the hell do they get this make ?
 !
 present itself as a caper comedy , the misbegotten '$ ' be essentially two hour of people mumble sentence fragment .
 the usually dependable Warren Beatty look drunk , and the usually hilarious Goldie Hawn act like she be on depressant .
 as for Gert Frobe , his most famous role - Goldfinger - be infinitely more admirable than his character here .
 not even the guy with the champagne bottle of LSD can save this litany of worthlessness.Am I compare this movie to 'Plan @card@ from Outer Space ' ?
 I would n't do such a thing even if someone pay me .
 'P9FOS ' be idiotically make but end up hilarious ; this be idiotically make and cause you to feel like your brain just melt out of your ear .
 Warren Beatty and Goldie Hawn make up for this when they co-star in 'Shampoo ' , but then they co-star in the dreadful 'Town & Country ' .
 maybe they just should n't co-star in movie .
 all in all , I would rather have my skin tear off than have to watch this again .
 Awful.Maybe they should remake it with Jackie Chan .
 then I would pay to see it .
 how a director of Altman 's experience could ever expect us to want to spend time with , or to care about what happen to , a lead character who be neurotic , a whiner , a jerk with no redeeming quality -- that be the central puzzle about this profoundly confuse piece of work .
 a monstrous piece of trash .
 in addition to this crippling flaw , the plot line require serious concentration to follow .
 the setup that the Branagh character walk into be so obviously a setup from the start that we be incline to wonder whether the writer and director have totally lose respect for their audience .
 this latter issue be at the core of the film : it represent directorial self-indulgence with profound contempt for the taste , value , and intelligence of the viewer .
 very unusual for Mr .
 Altman.Patrick Watson Ahh this film have so much potential !
 a good cast of quality B actor , the thigh of Jessica Simpson and.. .
 that be about it !
 I believe some guy in some unnamed marketing department have an idea .
 basically , let do a kind of Legally Blond film , but do it in New York .
 that big bright city of chance , power and money and where everyone be a heartless , power/money hungry person .
 let be add to this Jessica Simpson , small town bimbo , that brother of Owen Wilson and for some no apparent reason Andy Dick ( only because of him you should ignore this film).Basic story line:Boy leave girl for NY , girl follow , boy cheat , girl stays in NY with cousin , get a job under false pretense , muck up , be court by other boy ( Brother Wilson ) and together save the day and kiss.a few word come to mind when reflect upon this film , i.e. dire , awful , unbearable , intolerable and xenophobicJust do n't watch this film , you will be happy .
 one reviewer refer to Guantanamo and i definitely agree with him .
 this film induce shock .
 and I know what you be thinking.. .
 at least at some point will I see Simpson naked or close too .
 it be not gonna happen , spare yourself the time and YouTube her .
 you will have good sexy time !
 the film edit be flimsy , the acting be unbearable , and why do they use blue screen ?
 in conclusion ; this be cinematic treason which should be punish to the maximumAnother question why do Willie Nelson always play a kind of father figure in almost every Jessica Simpson flick and why be there no black , Latin , Asian or European people in this movie ?
 I come at this film with high expectation .
 I be aware of Greenaway 's work and 'The Tempest ' and be interested in an adaptation .
 I first want to switch off after ten minute , but feel that it would be unfair .
 there be a representation of a storm , but where in your mind do you conceive a small boy pee over a toy boat ?
 it be symbolic of what ?
 I continue another ten minute my finger twitch over the 'off ' button , somewhere something would capture my interest .
 this be not Shakespeare , it be not cinema .
 there be a time and place for it , but I will not waste my time and there be no place for it in my study of Shakespeare .
 after twenty five minute I give up and that be the end .
 I then read all the comment on this website and the pretentiousness of the film be only match by its defendant .
 'Its a painting.....then put it in a gallery ' , 'it be a ballet.....keep it on the stage then ' .
 Shakespeare can be do intelligently , and the play be perform to mass audience , they be accessible , and this version help put a wedge between Shakespeare and the general population at large - and I do not think that the Bard would be happy with that .
 the script be VERY weak w/o enough character arc to make you care one bit about the character or what happen to them .
 the script be way too talky and not enough gore or action to even call it slow pace .
 the story get to the point that you just want everyone to shut up and die as quickly as possible so you do n't have to listen to them talk this very muted , stiff dialogue .
 on a technical note , the music mix be way to high and make it hard to understand what be be say most time .
 then again , this could be call a blessing .
 overall , this same story could have good be tell in a short film w/ a run time under @card@ minute .
 the obvious 'in your face ' homage to Sam Raimi and 'Evil Dead ' would have be good have they be more subtle , but here they seem more like a bald face rip off .
 C'mon , this kind of 35mm budget and This be the good that could be do ?
 still , the cinematography , light design and shot be very well do indeed .
 Entertainment Tonight have be go down hill for the last few year , but as of last night ( Aug 17th @card@ ) they reach a new low.In an effort to try to hype up their broadcast , they decide to post actual photo of JonBenet Ramsey 's body in their teaser last night ...saying 'Pictures from the case you have never see before ' .
 the two photo be graphic and very disturbing .
 one be of the side of her face and head/neck and you could clearly see the cord that be use to strangle her around her neck , and bruise on her face .
 this be so hideously awful , I could not believe it .
 how have this get to do with ANYTHING remotely relate to Hollywood Entertainment ?
 ?
 nothing !
 !
 they have drop their level of dignity and value to a new low....and it show .
 this use to be the premiere show to watch...and it be just garbage now.I will watch Access Hollywood from now on .
 Shamefull as it may be , this movie actually make it to the videomarket , bring shame on my proud country - any attempt to watch this movie without stop or pause , will be a fruitless attempt .
 one can bear to see more than one hour of this , then have either fall asleep , or visit the bathroom for puking.Note : if you have n't see anything else from Denmark , please remember this:some thing be never mean to be - but still some idiot go ahead and make it anyway !
 about the bad movie in distribution right now !
 I love zombie movie and see this in the use rack so I think why not ?
 oh my god a shame to zombie movie and fan to the genre !
 whoever make this movie need to put away your camcorder and go to film school !
 there be so many gore hound out there who have put time and effort into their film and they have something that this film do n't dignity .
 I know it what it take to make film and I be sure there be a lot of money and time spend in make meat market but none of that money and time go in to make it good .
 you need actor , a script , a real camera , invest in some book on how to make independent film .
 I do n't know how you get a DVD release but whoever do that be either a really good friend or bang their head on the wall .
 in gore film it be quality not quantity , the effect be weak !
 I be so angry that this be actually in store and that I could n't get my money back .
 please if you have see this film write here and put an end to shlock .
 I know I be be very harsh , I only have @card@ line so I be try to get to the point .
 I be amaze with some of the review of this film .
 the only place that seem to tell the truth be RottenTomatoes.com .
 this film be awful .
 the plot be extremely lazy .
 it be not scary either .
 people out there who think that because it star Sarah Michelle Geller it be somehow like the Grudge should forget about it .
 this film be more like Dark Water , except it be even more predictable and slow move than it .
 I be extremely disappoint with this film .
 it do n't scare me nor interest me either .
 let be face it , this type of plot have be flog to death at this stage e.g. the dead try to contact the living - Dragonfly , what Lies Beneath , Ghost Story , Dark Water , Darkness , the Changeling etc.etc .
 it seem to me that the only one write original horror film nowadays be the Japanese and the Koreans .
 the film that be come out of Hollywood , like this , be cynical exercise in money make without a shred of respect for the viewer .
 they be just be churn out be this the movie ?
 ?
 ?
 be this what Indian be try to show ?
 ?
 I think this be one more effort from a sick-minded director to turn down Pakistani soldier and in fact country....but what we Pakistani 's know that we be always ahead of India in every part of our lives...not only in armed counters.Well...this be bad film as that of Border in early 1997...and director and writer just try to overcome a shame of defeat in Kargil by Pakistani armed force , by create film like these..One thing be very clear...Whenever there will be an encounter between Pakistan and India....we will win... .
 !
 !
 !
 so Mr .
 Dutta try to make some good movie instead of nonsense movie like this I have to do a search on the actress to find the board of this film because the title be now an unexpected love .
 it be not really worth look for but I be unfamiliar with both lead and wonder why they be headline a lesbian flick on Lifetime .
 everything be pretty restrain and you do n't really get an idea of who these character be so , as a viewer , I be n't able to become emotionally invest in the storyline .
 I guess I be not the target audience for this but I be not sure who be .
 everything 's muted and soft focus and earth tones...nothing be very interesting .
 I have a prurient interest in see two woman make out but it be handle so discreetly that I be disappoint .
 Rent Personal Best instead .
 why do people who do not know what a particular time in the past be like feel the need to try to define that time for other ?
 replace Woodstock with the Civil War and the Apollo moon-landing with the titanic sinking and you have get as realistic a flick as this formulaic soap opera populate entirely by low-life trash .
 be this what kid who be too young to be allow to go to Woodstock and who fail grade school composition do ?
 'I will show those old meany , I will put out my own movie and prove that you do n't have to know nuttin about your topic to still make money !
 ' Yeah , we already know that .
 the one thing watch this film do for me be to give me a little insight into Underclass thinking .
 the next time I see a slut in a bar who look like Diane Lane , I be run the other way .
 it be child abuse to let parent that worthless raise kid .
 it be audience abuse to simply stick Woodstock and the moonlanding into a flick as if that ipso facto mean the film portray @ord@ a group of extremely unlikable A-holes be torment by lame puppet that some elderly douche bag night-watchman have keep lock away in a film vault for twenty year for no reason whatsoever.Many people know this film merely from MST3K 's spot-on ribbing of the flick .
 but I have see the actual movie and can safely say that yes it be bad , really , really bad .
 from the one of the most awful 'fight ' scene I have ever witness to the stuffed toy 'aliens ' that suffer from a lack of motion ( I have a My Pet Monster that be scary ) right up to the atrocious acting ( I have a My Pet Monster that be more charismatic ) however , that being say Rick Sloan 's 'Vice Academy ' film be somehow , and trust me I have no earthly idea how , much bad .
 that be not to suggest that this film be anything but crap , because it be n't .
 just throw it out there.Eye Candy : no nudity in the movie proper , but there be @card@ pair of tit in the DVD introduction to the filmMy Grade : D-Retromedia DVD Extras : introduction by Jim Wynorski ; Stills gallery ; and Trailer for this film Hey everyone...There really be n't much to say for this movie at all .
 the basic plot be that a guy ( Brandon ) take a few friend on a trip to his cabin in the wood for a weekend holiday away from work .
 after pick up a girl on the way there , thing start go badly wrong for all of them.The storyline alone ( write by the actor play Brandon , I believe , although I could be wrong here ) be unlikely and unconvincing , and be act out accordingly .
 the 'Clown Killer ' himself be a rather a sad excuse for a psychotic killer .
 far from be a dark , mysterious but most of all , intelligent predator , we be instead offer a rather clumsy , nursery rhyme-singing buffoon who appear to be go through a minor mid life crisis .
 the only thing that warrant the writing of this comment be the sex scene and whatever gore there be in the film ( the quality of the film lead me to derive some enjoyment out of such things).In short , this film fall below every possible set standard .
 admittedly , I be share a few beer with a close friend as I watch this , so we manage to scrape together some relative entertainment value out of this film and it be therefore only fair to mention that S.I.C.K do fall just shy of a two rating .
 however , in reality , ( and with the benefit of hindsight ) the one star rating be a more than legitimate score for this film.1 star out of ten .
 Oh.. .
 my.. .
 god.. .
 this be without a doubt the absolute cheesy movie I have ever see .
 the acting be bad , the story be weak , the character be weak , and the whole film just do n't make sense .
 couple this with mediocre directing , really strange scene ( such as the one where the kid reach over the ravine and mysteriously fall in ) , and thoroughly abysmal dialog ( 'Look !
 ' 'Musta pee his pant !
 ' ) , and you get one complete failure .
 not to mention the fact that the only thing Mr .
 Atlas look like he could defeat be a case of chocolate bar .
 but this be part of the movie 's charm .
 sit down and watch it with a few of your friend for a good laugh.I love this movie , because it be just so Bad !
 the world be face imminent destruction and a suicide mission be send to the Sun to avert catastrophe by fire a bomb into its fiery heart : yes , it be Solar Crisis , aka Crisis @card@ , which burn up a huge chunk of change that be never apparent on screen back in @card@ and return barely enough to buy a Happy Meal for each of the cast in Japan before go straight to video ( remember them ?
 ) in a re-edit version credit to one Alan Smithee .
 the plot hook be pretty much the same as Sunshine - suicide mission to the Sun , saboteur on board , logic cast adrift - except that this time they be not try to reignite the sun but to prematurely detonate a solar flare before it can reach earth .
 with a talk bomb .
 voice by Paul Williams .
 who want to be promote so the crew will take him more seriously give that the cast also include Jack Palance at his most dementedly Ott , Charlton Heston at his most rigid , top-liner Tim Matheson at his most anonymous , the original Hills Have eye ' unforgettable Michael Berryman ( you may not remember the name , but you DO remember that face ) and Peter Boyle as the industrialist out to sabotage the mission because , er , if it succeed the world will be save but his share price will go down , you will expect if not a laugh-a-minute at least a laugh every reel .
 no joy .
 this be the bad kind of bad movie : a boring one .
 the fate of the world may be hang in the balance but the whole film be shoot with a complete lack of urgency or momentum at the same unvarying deadly slow pace .
 there be low-key and there be walk through it , but here the cast do n't even do that .
 instead , they just stand still look at screen in near darkness for most of the time .
 you keep on hope for Paul Williams ' talk bomb to suffer an existential crisis , but instead the film just.. .
 stand there , do next to nothing .
 literally .
 this be one of the most inert movie ever make so inert that if Clive Owen have be cast , he will almost have look lively by comparison .
 even a poorly explain suicidal repair attempt fail to raise a fritter of interest since it mostly involve , yep , the cast just stand still look at screen in near darkness .
 even when the bomb prematurely go into countdown before be launch they deal with the new crisis by stand still look at screen in near darkness as if they have all the time in the world .
 Merchant-Ivory film have good action scenes.Things be n't much lively down on Earth where the movie spend most of it be run time with Matheson 's son/Chuck be grandson Corin Nemec try to hitch a ride to the spaceport across an arid landscape with Palance 's insane desert artist 'looking for that note out there while the chick still dig me ' while waylay by reject from a mad Max ripoff and evil corporate suit who track him down so they can release him on a nice beach .
 just do n't expect logic , if you have n't already guess that much .
 good moment ?
 a ditzy girl in a bar describe Jack Palance as 'An old guy with white hair and a face like rot leather , ' though Chucky Baby take out the villain 's aircraft with a bazooka fire from the hip from an office window or beat up a barfly who like his beret be welcome morsel of camp in a film that for @card@ % of it be run time offer a whole lot of nuttin ' .
 Richard C. Sarafian be slightly longer original cut that play in Japan offer an additional six minute but cry out to be cut down to a more manageable @card@ minute : the director of Vanishing Point must have thank his lucky star when the re-edit give him an excuse to take his name off the film .
 a film so bad it be not good , and painfully unfunny with it OK , so Mr .
 Agrama 's company ( which be involve in some dubious business with former Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi ) produce a horrendous mish-mash by a Mr .
 Carl Macek.What be this horrendous mish-mash I be talk about ?
 well , Macek take three entirely unrelated Japanese sci-fi animated series ( namely , Macross , Southern Cross and Mospeada ) , add ton of dialogue - believe firmly that the American audience be too dumb to understand the narrative and artistic virtue of silence - , edit the whole lot heavily for violent content , add some metaphysical mumbo jumbo , dub it use some of the bad voice actor this side of acting Hell ( Reba West 's singing be - and still be - unbearable and a total outrage , especially compare to Mrs .
 Mari Iijima).. .
 and the result be an 85-episode series with hundred of continuity problem and plot holes.Of course , the mecha be cool to look at ( especially those in the 'Macross Saga ' ) and the plot part that remain unscathed be good .
 but whatever be good about Robotech be not the result of Macek 's work or the 'voice talent ' he recruit .
 it be because of the toil and effort of the ( uncredited - why ?
 would I be too bold to accuse HG of plagiarism here ?
 ) Japanese creator .
 those of us who eventually get wind of the real deal and compare the original to Robotech now wish we have never be expose to Robotech .
 the original be so much good , naturally , and make a lot more sense.Robotech , however , DID something worthwhile : it prompt legendary anime creator Leiji Matsumoto to start a campaign for the protection of Japanese anime creator ' intellectual property from such unauthorized and uncalled-for reworkings that talentless people like Carl Macek produce .
 the good thing about camp film in general be that you know what to expect .
 it be like watch a professional wrestling match or a day time soap opera or a Jerry Springer show : you immediately can follow the skimpy plot , identify the cardboard character , and watch in satisfaction while all the clich be be fulfill .
 however , at time , the director do something real unexpected .
 it may be something extraordinarily stupid , or something weird , or something insightful .
 the director Makinen be up there with the good camp director , and this be his good movie.In Yon saalistajat , everything seem to come together .
 there be nothing good about it , but still manage to be a coherent whole .
 not once do the movie slow down - the action flow on and punch keep on coming.The weird thing be that there be no sense of time : some character seem to take month do something while other character have only spend one hour at a bar .
 this be partially due to Finnish summer where the sun never set , so you do n't experience the day turn into a night at all.Finally : there be a plot , there , somewhere .
 you may have to watch the movie three time before you realize it , though .
 OK , anyone who could honestly say that this movie be great or even good be either delusional or know the Director , Writer and Producers and be try to boost the buzz on this film .
 I watch the movie because a friend of mine work on it and it be horrible .
 I be an actress and have work in the industry for a while now on big film and even independent and this movie bore me to tear .
 the reason I be be so harsh be because this film be clearly a different take on 'Of mouse and man ' and they should sue because it be such a horrible rip-off of the story .
 in an industry where Hollywood seem to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film 'Of mouse and man ' and destroy it with a new spin bug me so much .
 the actor , the accent , the dialog and the direction be amateurish and the writing be dismal .
 I mean if your go to take a new spin on an existing story make sure its just as good or well than the original to make the new spin justify .
 do not like this movie at all .
 this be only the second time I stop a video/DVD part way through.I be willing to give this film the benefit of the doubt at first , even though it manage to be both shallow , clichd and stupid. .
 and joyless , plod and pretentious.It be like an after School special direct by that weird grade nine kid who think nobody understand him.. .
 creepy and sad , with voice-over narration that only the most delude adolescent would consider poetry.. .
 and some singing , and.. .
 no , really , the poor child 's suffering...Enough , already , especially when it morphed into a brazen , clumsy , and insulting Clockwork Orange ripoff .
 and do I mention the singing ?
 this be n't the bad film I have ever see , but certainly the one I have feel least compel to sit through .
 I do n't recommend it to anyone .
 there be n't much to say about this film , it be horrible.The act and dialog be way far away from even decent , the story of the hybrid werewolf 's be not very well explain and the whole thing have plot hole here and there.CGI be something you would n't like to see .
 it so amateurish that it make me vomit.The only good thing on the DVD be in the Extras .
 the gag reel .
 everything else , just waste of time and money .
 I hope noone will buy this , this be not even worth renting.Just stay away of this .
 I be one of the few non-liberals who show up to see Steve 's video .
 it be quite an experience.. .
 in propaganda film-making and boredom.I be hope the film might be an actual documentary of Michael Moore 's visit to my local school , UVSC , but it turn out to be another liberal , slash-and-burn effort to slam conservative and the local religious community .
 it sure seem self-serving for a filmmaker to make a documentary that only reflect his preconception on issues.What be more surprising be to see all the '10 ' vote his homeys have post here .
 do they even see the video ?
 Golly gee Batman , this must rank with all the President 's Men !
 their rating be as obvious as the bias in this film.Yeah , like stack the vote at IMDb will help a lame movie .
 maybe my vote will help balance this out .
 all the bare chested woman in the world could n't keep me from hit the stop button about a third of the way through this awful rubbish .
 with the derisory acting , equally terrible script plus the poor CGI FX to match ; this movie be an insult to the Werewolf genre .
 it be suppose to be serious , which in itself would be funny if this film could even make it to the level of be a bad joke.This be one of those movie where the people behind the camera be obviously competent but be too lazy to make something even one quarter decent .
 avoid at all cost and watch one of the classic Werewolf movie instead.0 out of @card@ !
 Andrewjlau , I could not agree more .
 my girlfriend be watch this at this very moment , and I find this movie appalling .
 quote from my Chinese girlfriend , laugh : 'They be do all this for a man !
 ?
 'I find these woman have no intensity , no sense of the a fight between tragedy and identity , and that these man be hardly worth fight for .
 during the dance scene where Zhang Zi Yi win them over , the man look stupid more than admiring.Japanese people have much more intensity than Chinese people , and be geisha be Japanese culture .
 I be sure the Chinese have something similar , but the face do not match the main.Anyway , the dialogue be so unmysterious , so American .
 have a European do it with European Oriental , they would have do a far good job.I have to add : it seem most of the people who like the film be American .
 sorry to say , but no wonder .
 all spell out for you , not instinctive , not passionate .
 I think the Chinese actress be lovely , but I could not say they be good actor in this film .
 yes , the cinematography be great , but really , I can see how it can be see that these character be complex , deep individuals.I be go to Japan to see the real thing .
 I be sure that would be amazing to see .
 this movie be an abomination , and its making should have be consider a capital crime.One of the great mystery of film-making be why nobody ever have make a faithful movie adaptation of this wonderful mystery .
 it be a tale of a really gripping mystery , nice old-fashioned romance , and dry English humor .
 why do the maker have to change Richard Gordon from a Scotland Yard policeman to an amateur detective , introduce the idiotic role and caricature of his English servant , change the part of the main storyline about the murder charge and circumstance of Gordon 's struggle to save the accused , etc .
 , etc .
 ?
 these producer and director who always think they can make a good story than the one in the book should write the original script themselves and not to rape another person 's product .
 this be the result .
 a piece of trash movie that do n't deserve to even be classify as a movie , it be just a bunch of stuff on a film reel , that make no sense whatsoever .
 well back to the actor , which from the get go seem to be just a bunch of friend who think they would get a little amount of money together and try to make a movie that would be a great horror film .
 well it be a great horror anyway , nevermind be a film .
 there be plenty of horrific acting in 'Hobgoblins , ' but the worse be the main guy name Richard , who be just way too much of a weakling to even sorta root for .
 well , when you cast a bunch of friend and try to make the film scary , on a less than shoestring budget , no less , this be what will happen .
 oh well at least the MST3K version be hilarious .
 but this be still a horrid movie , that deserve all the bashing it get .
 @card@ for the MST version .
 if I have realize John Wayne be in this movie , I would not have watch it .
 it be demean to the Japanese , unfortunate for Hollywood and embarrass to any think person .
 but then , most John Wayne movie be like that .
 Hollywood in the fifty still believe that everybody in the world love American when the truth be ( and still be ) somewhat different .
 the movie deal with the nineteenth century isolationism of Japan .
 maybe it be Hollywood that should be isolated.To put it as succinctly as possible , this film be appall jingoistic claptrap.(Sort of a Madama Butterfly with bad music .
 ) all I could think of while watch this movie be B-grade slop .
 many have speak about it be redeem quality be how this film portray such a realistic representation of the effect of drug and an individual and their subsequent spiral into a self perpetuation state of unfortunate event .
 yet really , the technique use ( as many have already mention ) be overuse and thus unconvincing and irrelevant to the film as a whole.As far as the plot be concern , it be lacklustre , unimaginative , implausible and convoluted .
 you can read most other report on this film and they will say pretty much the same as I would.Granted some of the actor and actress be attractive but when confront with such boring action.. .
 look can only carry a film so far .
 the action be poor and intermittent : a few punch throw here and there , and a final gunfight towards the end .
 nothing really to write home about.As other have say , 'BAD ' movie be great to watch for the very reason that they be 'bad ' , you revel in that fact .
 this film , however , be a void .
 it be nothing.Furthermore , if one be really in need of an educational movie to scare people away from drug use then I would seriously recommend any number of other movie out there that board such issue in a much more effective way .
 'Requiem for a dream ' , 'Trainspotting ' , 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ' and 'Candy ' be just a few example .
 though one should also check out some more lighthearted film on the same subject like 'Go ' ( overall , both serious and funny ) and 'Halfbaked'.On a final note , the one possibly redeeming line in this movie , deliver by Vinnie Jones be steal from 'Lock , Stock and Two Smokling Barrels ' .
 to think that a bit of that great movie have be taint by 'Loaded ' be vile.Overall , I strongly suggest that you save you money and your time by NOT see this movie .
 this movie could have be very good , but come up way short .
 cheesy special effect and so-so act .
 I could have look past that if the story be n't so lousy .
 if there be more of a background story , it would have be good .
 the plot center around an evil Druid witch who be link to this woman who get migraine .
 the movie drag on and on and never clearly explain anything , it just keep plod on .
 Christopher Walken have a part , but it be completely senseless , as be most of the movie .
 this movie have potential , but it look like some really bad make for TV movie .
 I would avoid this movie .
 I be willing to go with the original _Cruel Intentions._ it go along with the plot and stay true to the character of one of my favorite story .
 however , this movie be , in my opinion , a crummy rehash with essentially the same story line and no clear character choice .
 I do n't honestly care what happen to any of them .
 the strong part of the original story ( Les Liasons , not CI ) be the character and their interaction , not the event themselves .
 I be n't clear until I read the IMDB that this movie be mean to be a prequel , especially since the title include a number '2 , ' I expect a sequel , but then determine that it must be a companion piece .
 over all , I must say that this movie read , to me at least , like a soft porn version of Les Liasons .
 I be not impress .
 on a distant planet a psychopath be save from execution by a space monk .
 he release a few fellow inmate and break out of the prison in a spaceship .
 they dock onto a ludicrously enormous spacecraft that be orbit a supernova star .
 this massive craft be populate by only three people , presumably because the budget of the film do not extend to hire many actor .
 anyway , to cut a long story short , the three goody end up in a game of cat and mouse with the baddies.The psychopath in this movie be curious in that he be annoy .
 'Annoying ' be generally not a term one would use to describe a lunatic - unhinge , frightening , dangerous maybe but not 'annoying ' but he be .
 the three people man the giant ship be seriously unconvincing as warrant such important role - this ship be practically the size of a city !
 consider that the film be set approximately @card@ year in the future , it be somewhat optimistic that such a huge man-made craft could exist , never mind the fact that it be use for such a relatively mundane task .
 despite the vast size of the spaceship , the crew all have appallingly kitted out , tiny room and the dining room consist of what appear to be a plastic table and chair .
 but there be a lot of corridors.The film be fairly well act and it work as an averagey sci-fi thriller .
 but nothing great .
 if you have ever see this movie , you will know that it !
 if you have n't , and want to see a classic Bad movie , I suggest you see this movie , because it rank right down with the bad .
 so , if you be really bore , go rent it .
 if you want to know what it be like , here be my little summary : Adam Sandler be hire to work on a giant cruise ship with some Ms universe model and five other people .
 Adam do n't like how one passenger be get all the babe , and he try to take over with the cheezy joke .
 but Wait !
 it only get bad !
 you will have to rent the movie yourself to see how bad it truly be .
 Bo Derek will not go down in history as a great actress .
 on the other hand , start in the 1980s , actual acting talent seem to be less and less of a require ability in Hollywood , so Bo could very well have go onto big and good thing after the big box office take of Blake Edwards ' '10 .
 ' that be if she have n't allow her husband , John Derek , to take over her career .
 numerous Playboy spread and bad movie like this one ( this one in particular ) direct by John destroy what momentum she have and make her the butt of many a joke .
 in the 1980s it be assume that you could put a certain personality in a certain movie and it would be box office gold .
 John figure that put Bo in a movie wherein she be nude for much of the run time would make people flock to the theater after the @card@ hype .
 maybe if the movie have be any good perhaps .
 this version of Tarzan have get to be the all time bad of the many iterpretations of Burrough 's lord of the jungle , a slap in the face to character 's book and film legacy .
 Tarzan be in fact an after think as the film be primarily a vehicle for Bo 's breast and Richard Harris ' wonderful over act ( remember , the pair have work together in Orca ) .
 his scenery chew help you to stay awake during the boredom of it all and yes , the film be quite boring .
 nothing really exciting happen and the few action scene seem to have be shoot by someone in a trance .
 Bo 's body can only get you so far .
 Miles O'Keeffe who play Tarzan at least would go onto a long and enjoyable B movie career and Richard Harris can put this behind him after his recent acting triumph , but Bo and John Derek never recover from this fiasco and future collaboration between the two only serve to show why his direct career and her acting career die in the first place.And how do the orangutan get to Africa ?
 ...however I be not one of them .
 Caro Diario at least be watchable for two third of the time , but the boring and self-centred third section of that movie give us a taste of what be to come in this extraordinarily self-indulgent mess .
 Moretti say he feel a need to make this movie , but do n't want to , whereas the viewer feel that he should stick with it , but really do n't want to either .
 a film about Italian politics and election could be fascinating , but this be not that film .
 at one point , Moretti and his friend be stand outside the Communist Party headquarters , discuss the interview they be prepare to conduct with Party leader inside , but it be characteristic of this film that we never get to see anything of them .
 interpose with Moretti 's political ravings be the event lead up to the birth of his son , and subsequent home movie shot of him with the baby and later the infant Pietro ( the film drag us through several year and more than one election period ) .
 we keep expect to see some definitive sequence or cogent argument , but they never come .
 I for one doubt that I could have the patience to ever sit through a Nanni Moretti movie again .
 he succeed in make an hour and twenty minute seem like an eternity .
 zombie Review #3**Spoilers**Few film be actually 'so bad they be good ' , and Zombi @card@ be not just bad , it be wretchedly , unforgivably bad in so many way that a whole new language may be need just to describe them allMore than that , it be a film credit to Lucio Fulci that even by his standard have absolutely no coherency , sense or reason .
 however we ca n't blame Fulci as it be n't really direct by him but by Bruno Mattei , who do n't even have Fulci 's sense of style to help carry the film .
 Mattei seem to have bring little to the film but staggering ineptitude.So , I be ashamed to say how much I enjoy every worthless minute of Zombi @ord@ it have no redeeming feature - in a genre know for thin character , weak story , and lack of film make skill , Zombi @card@ push the boat out but in do so it be even funny than Nightmare City.The 'action ' start when the 'Death @card@ ' gas be steal from a military base , and damage in the escape .
 who be the thief , why do he steal it , and why do the US military think that create cannibalistic legion of the living dead would be a good idea ?
 all these question and more will fail to be answer in Zombi 3....After hiding out at a hotel , the infected thief go mad from all the green plastecine grow on his face before be track down by the army who somewhat foolishly decide the good way to dispose of his corpse will be to burn it , send 'Death @card@ ' up into the atmosphere result in.. .
 zombie bird !
 who then attack people and turn them into zombie people !
 !
 !
 ( if zombie be cannibal , why do n't the zombie bird just attack other bird ?
 )Then we meet our 'heroes ' , a trio of horny GI and a coachload of girl .
 there be a couple of other guy with them too , but they be not important - No One be important here .
 you will be hard press to remember anyone 's face , let alone their name or find a reason to care about them .
 they end up hide out at the same hotel as the thief ( 'a week ago this place be buzz with life , now it be buzz with fly !
 ' ) but there be no escape from the undead.By this point you will either be completely suck in or you will have turn the damned thing off .
 the script be so appall even the great act in the world could n't save it , so it be just as well they have some of the bad - and not just the human character , the zombie act here be an all time low .
 there be no consistancy in how the zombie behave - some shamble about in the time honor style , other engage in full on fist fight or charge around with machettes , not to mention the zombie who be still able to talk ( a gimmick that give the film it be horrify Twist ENDING ) .
 they die from gunshot to the chest ( rather than the head ) and even get knock out by a good left-hook .
 how can you punch out a zombie ?
 ?
 ?
 !
 !
 !
 !
 !
 in fact the emphasis on badly do 80s action often make it resemble an episode of V...The zombie also spend a lot of time hiding , seemingly wait for hour in ridiculous place on the chance some poor sap will pass by and get the fright of their life .
 they hide in bush , in garage , in hut , on roof , in the water , and even underneath pregnant woman .
 at one point a zombie follow a woman up the stair .
 to kill and eat her ?
 no !
 to push her into the water , those zombie and their wacky sense of humour !
 there be plenty of gore though .
 limb be hack , wound ooze green pus , and there be much in the way of flesh eating and people get their face mush in .
 there be nothing to match the original eyeball piercing , but if bad make up effect be your bag you wo n't be let down.All this and I have not even mention the awful music , the inexplicable fly zombie head , the scientist whose act actually manage to stand out as really bad , or the final chilling punchline... .
 in an ingenious twist on the original radio station be overrun by zombie , Zombi @card@ give us an actual zombie DJ !
 !
 'He be go over to their side !
 ' our escape hero 's cry , before vow to continue fight against the undead in a sequel that sadly never came.Zombi @card@ be rubbish - it would be no loss to the world if every single print be destroy and all record of it 's existence erase , yet somehow I feel my life be rich for have see it.Did I say rich ?
 I mean @card@ minute shorter.. .
 Uma Thurman play Sissy , a young woman with a Gypsy spirit ( and freakishly large thumb ) who hitchhike cross-country , eventually find her true place amongst a group of peyote-enlightened cowgirl on a ranch devote to preserve the Whooping Crane ; Rain(bow ) Phoenix be their lesbian leader , Bonanza Jellybean , who fall in love with Sissy , thumb or not .
 Gus Van Sant direct and adapt Tom Robbins ' book , but his satire have no primary target and just skitter all over the map , like Sissy ( maybe that be his goal , but it be not involve for an audience ) .
 notorious box-office flop be n't so much pan as it be ignore , and one can see why : it be a series of sketch in search of a plot , and the performance , directorial touch and cinematography be all variable .
 Thurman be a stitch pose alongside the highway try to get a ride , but this pretty much put the kibosh on Phoenix 's career .
 writer Buck Henry ( who do n't write this , but perhaps should have ) give the most assured performance as the doctor who work on one of those thumbs.Two thumb down .
 it be amazing that this movie turn out to be in one of my hitlists after all .
 it be by far the number @card@ bad movie I have ever seen.Not only have I ever be this bore before ( luckily not for more then @card@ hour ) , the pre-adolescent attempt at humor that feature it be not even close to get but one of the corner of my mouth slightly tilt .
 after the first very awkward part , you tend to hope that the other part will be at least slightly good .
 you hope in vain , it only go downhill from there.The movie have no story worth tell whatsoever and repeat this non-story three time .
 one can only hope that by some miracle all remain copy of this movie be lose forever and Trent Harris never lay his hand on a camera again.. .
 I usually talk a bit about the plot in the first part of my review but in this film there be really not much to talk of .
 just a mish-mash of other Far good sword & sorcery epic .
 lack of cohesiveness run rampant as do banality .
 even the main villaness refuse to wear clothing other then a loincloth be pretty boring as she pretty much have a chest of a young boy.Mildly amusing in it be ineptitude at good and severely retarded at it 's bad .
 Lucio Fulci be scrap the bottom of the barrel here and it shows.My Grade : D-DVD Extras : poster & Stills gallery ; Lucio Fulci Bio ; and US & International Theatrical trailersEye Candy : Sabrina Siani be topless throughout ( some may consider that appeal , I do not ) ; various extra be topless as well the sign of a classic movie be that it age like a fine red wine .
 this movie be no Cabarnet and certainly no Casablanca .
 I agree with the other reviewer that the child in the movie be an unfortunate mutation that now plague us nightly in sit-coms and the dialogue be stilted and preachy .
 but let 's look at the obsolete theme of the movie.With the passage of sixty plus year of history come wisdom .
 since Watch on the Rhine , author Lillian Hellman have be expose as a Bidenesque plagiarist with her so call real-life story 'Julia ' from her book 'Pentimento ' .
 as one of the most odious of a plethora of Western-based USSR apologist , it be obvious her theme in the play and movie be to stir America to action to save the bloody Soviet dictator Stalin and international communism from the fascist , who have just prove their military superiority in Spain.As one reviewer correctly note , this be not a pro-American play and movie , as Lillian go to her grave an American-loathing communist .
 this film chronicle that familiar smug stupidity of the intellectual elite that make up the American Left then , just as now the full mooner leave of the Daily Kos and Michael Moore have buy into the conspiracy theory and once again give aid and comfort to those who would destroy America .
 Alicianne ( Laurel Barnett ) become a live in babysitter for young Rosalie Nordon ( Rosalione Cole ) who have recently lose her mother .
 but Rosalie miss her dead mother a lot and continuously visit her grave ( conveniently locate in a cemetery right behind the house ) late at night...where she also meet her 'friends'...This start off good with a truly eerie sequence in the cemetery...then fall apart .
 the story be thin and there be TONS of padding to make the film @card@ minute long .
 the acting be terrible across the board ( with Cole easily be the worst ) .
 badly direct with some of the WORST edit I have ever see in a motion picture .
 scene ( and sound ) be just cut off with no rhyme or reason .
 also the film have terrible ( and obvious ) post-production sound.As for blood and violence--forget it !
 there be very little and what there be look incredibly fake .
 I have NEVER see such fake-looking blood--looks like ketchup !
 boring , pointless--a rightfully forget drive-in movie .
 you can skip this one .
 first of all.....What the hell ?
 why in the world be they try to sell a low budget piece of crap on late night TV with the promise of disturbing , offensive sick garbage that any normal real human be with a soul could n't watch.What the crap be funny about a dog be injure , a grandma get her head knock off...a guy get his hand blow to piece and two girl go to the bathroom ?
 what in the hell have this world come to that people find comedy in some thing so completely sick .
 anyone who think this kind of material be funny , should not even be allow to walk the earth.But from what I hear its not even offensive...so...they promise comedy through demented pile of sick garbage...and they cant even pull that off .
 I honestly ca n't believe what pass for entertainment now .
 death ( and make fun of death ) , violence , sexual innuendo , adult threaten child , crudeness , alcohol abuse by minor , drug theft , dysfunctional parent , babysitter from hell , stereotypical joke about African Americans , police and fat people , and kid sneak out of the house in the middle of the night - yup , sure sound like a kid movie to me - NOT !
 !
 !
 add to that the dark and scary element - a dead woman possess and turn into a house and keep her loving husband a prisoner inside for over @card@ year , and also terrorize an entire neighborhood - how sweet for kid .
 parent - be this really what you want your kid to be watch - be this what you want to teach them about life ?
 !
 this movie be too scary for young kid , and i be afraid that teens today may be live some of this movie scenario - so why rub it in their face ?
 as for an adult audience - you wo n't find it scary or amusing - just boring , contrived and predictable .
 and the character be just wrong - clueless parent , ignorant police , stupid and annoy friend , nasty and manipulative babysitter , and beer drinking/womanizing boyfriend .
 what great material for kid - do this really sound like a child 's movie to anyone ?
 even the computer animation and good voice work be n't enough to redeem this terrible flick .
 save your money , save your time , and save your child 's mind - go rent Ice Age , Monsters Inc .
 , the Incredibles , Shrek , a Bug 's Life - ANY of them be way well than this horrid film .
 Spielberg and Zemeckis - shame on both of you for make such a disaster and then bill it as a children's/family movie !
 !
 this movie be worth five punch on my 'hurter card ' .
 I see this while station in Virginia in the mid '70 's .
 I see it alone so I be not distract while I watch it .
 it suck .
 it be the most ridiculous , total waste of celluloid I have ever seen.I know that other who have review this movie have think that it be awesome .
 I offer you this : if it be so awesome what be it 's box office take ?
 end of discussion .
 after be hugely entertain by Mr .
 Brosnan 's performance as a cad in 'The Tailor of Panama ' ( which I rate @card@ across the board : cast , act , script , story , edit , pace , music , emotional impact , etc .
 ) , I enthusiastically anticipate this film .
 I be hugely disappoint .
 it be a script read not a film , vulgar for the sake of be vulgar , bankrupt in every way that 'The Tailor of Panama ' be rich and satisfying .
 blame it on the screen write and direct .
 I sit in the theater wait for the 'good part ; ' it never come .
 I neither laugh nor cry , although one line of dialog do make me smile .
 worth $7 ?
 hardly .
 I see this movie originally in the theater , when I be @ord@ even at that age the 'humor ' be mildly insulting to my adolescent intelligence.In the past , whenever I would see Ed Begley Jr .
 or Jeff Goldblum I would cringe and start to feel very uncomfortable and even slightly sad .
 until I be remind of the existence of this movie today , I be unsure why I feel that way .
 apparently I block my memory of this movie yet my negative feeling towards two of the perpetrator remain .
 apparently I forget that I see this movie but subconsciously mourn the piece of my soul that have be steal , nay EATEN by the creator of this inhuman work.I have n't be brave enough to try watch it as an adult .
 I imagine that as part of the healing process that I should probably look at confront this childhood fear so that I can *truly* put it behind me .
 some regression therapy and / or hypnosis might not be a bad idea either .
 sadly , it be true .
 'Legiunea strin ' expose with absolute clarity the parameter of Daneliuc 's irreversible failure.As it be already say , the author lose the faculty to coalesce his content factor and artistic intention in a coherent form .
 maniacally concern with the mechanic trick of pick at random news subject and join them together without any legitimacy , he only gather a disorder pile of event , unable to follow the least story-line .
 the script 's level be similar to a 'Cntarea Romniei ' amateur play about the glorious feat of socialist realism - only , turn upside down : while the communist line dictate a narrow concern only with positivism and sugary festivism , now Daneliuc be as perniciously obsess only with negativism and disgusting scatology .
 the idea content be zero , and the 'message ' , infantile and didactic , at a kindergarten level.Unfortunately , he also forget the most elementary professional tenet .
 he be n't able anymore to organize a dramatic situation , to order it in a correct movie scene , to frame it right and to edit it follow the simple rule of cinematographic grammar .
 his level of story-telling in film-images be similar to phrase something like : 'Holy sheet man it ai n't nuthin right 'ere , and all da people be ass !
 ' what a huge distance from the impressive artist of @card@ , who have create unique work as 'Cursa ' , 'Proba de microfon ' , 'Vntoarea de vulpi ' - and even 'Croaziera ' and 'Glissando'.. .
 sic transit gloria mundi.. .
 Peeew this stink !
 as everyone know it be base upon some Geico insurance commercial ; what no one know be why ?
 !
 those commercial be amusing on first viewing at good ; hardly fodder for a series .
 ( the talk Geico gecko -- that be another story .
 now that would make for an intriguing series !
 ) and why on earth do ABC -- as report in the press -- actually agree to buy the caveman character right from Geico for this ?
 after all , the idea of caveman struggle in the modern world be hardly unique to TV ; Phil Hartman have a recur Saturday Night Live role as the Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer over a decade ago .
 and that be how a concept like this work well -- as an occasional installment .
 but a regular series ?
 Fuhgeddaboudit .
 ( a 1960s series call 'It 's about Time ' also use the caveman in the modern world concept .
 it last one season.)One of the show 's director , who be also responsible for the Geico commercial , be recently quote as say : 'We be so excite when we be shoot our commercial because we feel like we have something that be very unique and we have big story to tell .
 ' Wrong.In the annals of bad TV , this be destine to take its place alongside @card@ 's 'Me and the Chimp ' as one of the all-time worst .
 the lead actor in the embarrassing Chimp fiasco actually go into shame-by-association hide after it be abruptly cancel .
 no doubt our caveman friend will follow suit .
 I be very displease with this move .
 everything be terrible from the start .
 the comedy be unhumorous , the action overdo , the song unmelodious .
 even the storyline be weightless .
 from a writer who have write successful script like Guru and Dhoom , I have high expectation .
 the actor work way too hard and do not help the film at all .
 of course , Kareena rock the screen in a bikini but for two second .
 I think Hindi stunt director should research how action movie be do .
 they tend to exaggerate way too much .
 in Chinese film , this style work because that be their signature piece .
 but , Hindi cinema 's signature be the song .
 a good action movie should last no more than two hour and can look unrealistic .
 but , in the future , I be sure these action movie will get much sharp .
 also to be note : comedy and action film do not mix unless do properly .
 good Luck next time .
 I just finish read a book about Dillinger .
 this movie be horribly inaccurate .
 it be like they get a list of name and just make everything up .
 his robbery and getaway be well plan , down to the second - when the time be up , they leave whether they have all of the money or not .
 they have note of every road , where to turn , etc .
 Purvis never see him at the restaurant , he be tell that Dillinger pay for his meal after Dillinger leave .
 Purvis never even Saw Dillinger before the night Dillinger be kill , only photo of him .
 the way his gang member die be fictitious .
 Dillinger never rob a bank by himself , like he do in this movie .
 if I have never read the book , maybe I could have enjoy the movie .
 the act be a bit over the top in place .
 the action be overdo as well .
 on second thought , I doubt if I would have enjoy it much even if I HADN'T read the book .
 some @card@ year old behave like teenager , cope with the death of a high-school mate , try to find their purpose in live and love .
 the script be so lame that I have to force myself to even finish this movie .
 stay away from it .
 @card@ I almost never comment on movie , but I see the @card@ glowing review of this 'movie ' and decide I have to weigh in with my own review .
 an instructor of mine receive this film in the mail , mix in with his Academy screener ( AMPAS , aka the guy who vote on the Oscar ) , and be so floor with how terribly construct this movie be that he bring it in to our class to demonstrate to us how NOT to put together a movie.This film have no plot , the scene be horribly , horribly edit ( oftentime use faux '24 ' style picture-in-picture technique ) , and the performance ( particularly the lead , who even fail at act like a bad actress ) be for the most part , obnoxious .
 someone truly fail to understand the point of an introduction , namely , the set up of the plot .
 there be no setup !
 halfway through the movie neither myself nor the rest of the class know what this movie be suppose to be about .
 the opening crane shot , which set up some kind of murder , be never address , and now that I think about it , be possibly mean to be a flash-forward , with the rest of the film be a flashback , but it cut from that scene directly to the next without any indication as such.Bah , I could really go on and on .
 at the very least , this movie give me renew confidence in my own film-making ability .
 the thing that really get me about this movie ( that be , the thing about this movie that make me physically ill ) be that someone actually pay to have it make .
 there be absolutely no purpose for the existence of this movie .
 it be not frightening , it be not think provoke , it be not entertaining , it be not good .
 it be a sleeping pill make of cyanide .
 the DVD case compare it to Blair Witch , Evil Dead , and a few other decent movie , make the filmmaker 's desperation glaringly obvious .
 it be nothing like any other movie ever make ; it be far , far bad .
 the claim of an 'extremely shocking end you will never forget ' be the equivalent of one ton of stink horse droppings .
 please do not ever waste your time watch this piece of trash , because it may make you sterile .
 the man who write this movie should be wipe off the Writer 's Guild membership list , and never allow to film anything again .
 because if he think This be a movie worth make , he probably do not have much of anything to offer in the future .
 zero star .
 May Grod have mercy on the soul of anyone unfortunate enough to see this .
 I be go to go vomit now .
 seem everyone in this film be channel Woody Allen .
 they stammer and pause and stammer some more .
 only for REALLY die-hard DeNero fan !
 it try to appear as edgy and artistic - but it come off as look like a very , very low budget film make by college student .
 the most often use word in the whole film be 'hum ' .
 the film do peg the atmosphere of the late sixties/early seventy though .
 if you like film where people be constantly talk over each other , horrible lighting ( even if it be for 'art 's sake ' ) , and make you feel like you be sit in on a lame political meeting , then you might like this - but you need to be really bore .
 I find this CD in the dollar bin and now I know why .
 where to start .
 the film start out pretty well , but after the @card@ min mark i catch myself watch the clock .
 the horror at the start of the film be good but then the story kick in .
 it just get stupid and stupid as time tick by.The actor give an average performance in this movie however , i get a bit bore of Vinny Jones constant scowl in the film.As the film drag on , and take my word for it , it drag on , it just get more and more far fetched.*** spoiler Alert *** SPOILER Alert *** SPOILER Alert *** just when i think the film could not get any bad , towards the end load if skeleton look monster turn up , just to eat the dead people which make no sense at all .
 it turn out to be some sort of flesh eat cult and the good guy die at the end .
 the ending in fact just make me laugh at how bad it be .
 once the lead role dispose of Vinny Jones , he become the new killer.In closing , this film make Creep look like the good horror film ever make .
 I give it @card@ star because the female lead do a pretty good job but even she could not save this train wreck of a movie !
 !
 at first look of the plot tagline I figure it could have be a decent film .
 could I have ever be more wrong ?
 the beginning of the film make it look like a bunch of freak get together and decide to make a low budget film .
 for the first @card@ minute you do n't notice the cheesy acting , horrible sound and god-awful special effect , but then it get bad .
 just about @card@ minute into it I be ask myself , 'What be the plot again ?
 ' I could only ask that question when I be n't bust out laugh from the sheer lameness of this film .
 the main actor have one setting for emotion and he stick to it throughout the entire film , even though he be suppose to go through love and hate and everything in-between .
 the flashback scene almost make me vomit because it make me re-live one extra minute of footage from early in the movie .
 now we hit the middle of the film where they be obviously try to rip off Morpheus from 'The Matrix , ' although he be do just a horrible job .
 the actor be talk about 'Star war ' and fortune cookie phrase be almost unbearable .
 now at the end of the movie you do n't realize that it be the end of the movie because you actually think the plot be finally develop .
 the 'Morpheus ' character die , the ONLY good thing about the movie .
 he utter a couple word and the credit roll .
 what be this ?
 no plot , bad acting , cheesy everything , it could n't get any bad .
 please , if you value human decency , do NOT WATCH This Movie !
 if you ever watch the Dukes of Hazard you know that you never have to worry about drug or cussing or crude behavior be see by young child .
 if you have see the movie you know that be no longer the case !
 this movie be horrible !
 main character do drug and think it be funny and cool be certainly not what I call entertainment .
 they take a wonderful show and just turn it into trash .
 Daisy who be a little flirtatious in the original show now look and act like she belong on the street corner get pay for her service .
 I be so excite about see this movie before it come out , @card@ minute into the movie I be ready to leave .
 I stay think it have to get good but instead it get bad by the minute .
 I wish I have never see this movie .
 it trash a good show and left nothing but horrible taste in my mouth when I leave .
 do yourself a favor , go see something worth your money , cause it be not only a waste of money but a waste of @card@ hour of your life you will never get back !
 I just sit in the theater bore as hell , i want to leave halfway through the movie .
 the plot be simple @card@ Samoan guy wreck wedding .
 so they have to bring a date in order to get into the wedding .
 Yawn.The thing that peeve me off the most be the so-called crude jokes.. .
 they be highly unfunny , clichd and throw in your face , to make you get into the already dull movie .
 the act be below-average and i feel this movie just go on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny joke and a predictable plot.All in all , one of the bad movie i have see of @card@ , unfunny , bad acting , just ugly.Well thank god a friend shout me.Avoid .
 Nintendo !
 !
 !
 you #%$@ERS !
 !
 !
 how could you do this to me ?
 I ca n't believe it...this movie be actually bad than the first one .
 I go to see this at the theatre with my brother because my mother force me to tag along....oh God...where do I even begin ?
 the plot suck .
 the voice act SUCKED .
 the animation suck .
 the end REALLY SUCKED .
 if you like this movie , you SUCK Too .
 and to Futuramafan1987 , who say this be the great movie ever , you be a Tool , Plain and SIMPLE .
 this be n't a movie for anyone but crack-addled ten-year old with Game Boys who think Pikachu be God .
 I be still cry to this day think about that horrible turd of a movie....and then there be Pikachu 's Adventure...do n't even get me start on that horrible mess of a film .
 it be , in all truth , one of the most boring experience of my entire life .
 do n't go watch this at any costs.Bottom line : go out , find every copy of this movie that you can , and burn it .
 burn them all , and then proceed to rent a Good movie , like Aliens...or Bowling for Columbine...or even back to the Future !
 I have recently watch this movie twice , and I ca n't seem to understand why the h*ll the maker make this pile of crap .
 I mean , yes , it give a great impression of Hitler 's environment , and I mean the way they reproduce Austria in the late @card@ be , WWI and the Inter-war period .
 what I ca n't understand be why they picture Hitler as a @card@ % pure evil , mad , unreliable , mentally unstable freak .
 he be after all a very thoughtful , loving and intelligent man who of course have his dark side , no doubt about that .
 but why in heaven 's name portray him in this way ?
 all of his positive aspect have be cut out of the scenario , leave nothing but a very propaganda-like portrait of a man who have the big influence on modern civilization ever .
 yes , he throw Germany into the devastating 2nd World War .
 yes , he be racist , and yes he be at time menially unstable especially at the end of the war .
 all true .
 but again ; why the hell do they plain Lie to the public ?
 to warn us ?
 I absolutely do n't think this movie be a warning .
 the true danger of Hitler and the Nazi 's be the fact they be able to rise to power at moment of severe global weakness .
 the fact this evil be so recognizable yet so embrace by almost every German alive ( not to mention Austrian and a lot of other people ) make it a warning to modern civilization , NOT the fact Hitler be such a 'weirdo ' .
 if it would have be like the maker make us believe - I would have be convince that the German people be retarded .
 a man like the one in this movie would have never get anywhere near party leader - not to mention ReichsKanzler.4/10 the end of Violence and certainly the Million dollar hotel hint at the idea the Wenders have lose his vision , his ability to tell compelling story through a map of the move picture .
 the Land of Plenty seal the coffin , I be afraid , by be a vastly unimaginative , obviously sentimental and clich will film .
 the character be entirely flat and stereotyped , the writing , plot and direction be amateurish , at good .
 for the first time in quite a while , I be impatient for the film to end so I could get on with my life .
 the war-torn delirium of the uncle , the patriotic abstract gaze at the sky at the conclusion...it all just strike me as be so simple and pathetic , hardly the work of a filmmaker who once make some compelling magic on screen .
 what happen ?
 the day of experimentation , perceptive writing and interesting film possibility be long behind him , I be afraid .
 Let 's hope he find his inspiration again.. .
 at the Toronto film festival , which be where I see the film , Wenders be there to introduce it .
 completely lack in humility , he offer us the following : 'I hope...no , wait...I Know you be go to enjoy the next two hour .
 ' I be afraid he could n't be more wrong.. .
 OK , I know this would be a back alley F-film ( well below B-film standard ) go into it , so I think , 'Man , I could use a good laugh , so let be see some nether-beings kill each other .
 ' well , what I get could have be find at your local 'love toy ' store .
 random lesbian scene , very little fighting , and no plot.For example , one scene in particular I remember ( for its sheer stupidity only ; I have see good porn on ABC ) be where the two main character ( I ca n't remember their name offhand...great movie , Huh ?
 ) be drive along , as they mostly do , and the driver be tire of driving and stopped:Driver : 'Let 's pull over , I be tired .
 you want to take over ?
 ' passenger : 'Sure , I can drive for a while .
 ' ( once pull over , the driver start grab the passenger 's boob ) passenger : 'What be you do ?
 I be not like that !
 ' Driver : 'It be OK , everyone do it sometime .
 ' passenger : 'OK then .
 ' ( Proceed to take off shirt , fondle , kiss , and perform fellatio)Now , last time I check , horror film be not in the porn section of Hollywood Video ( unless you be into S&M ; , then you go elsewhere ) , and it definitely should n't be in the mainstream video at Blockbuster .
 do n't get me wrong ; I be definitely not one of those people who hate porn , but I only watch it when appropriate and definitely do n't want to watch it if I be look for a movie in the mainstream store , as this one I rent be at one of the two retailer I name ( and probably at the other too if I go and looked).Worst movie ever , no one should rent it , and it should only be buy for a public burning ceremony .
 if I could give it a @card@ , I would , but I can only give it a * of @ord@ this be by far the WORST movie i have ever watch .
 I have see some pretty awful movie in my time but this one take the cake , no , wait , i mean the the whole damn bakery .
 it be so bad that i believe a word to describe the way you will feel after watch this atrocity have yet to be create .
 please just do yourself a favor , if you ever get the urge to watch this and watch thirty minute of that annoy purple dinosaur Barney , then multiply that thirty time fold and you would still only get a small fraction of the horror you would be in store for .
 in summation , i guess you really can call it a horror movie , but only if you be willing to be scare senseless by the bad act in the business and utterly pointless story.Real rating , @card@ Disgusting I would n't be so quick to look at all the good review and say this might be a good show..This show be only good if you do n't know what 'talent ' is..I wo n't even say how offensive it be ( I know it can be offensive to a lot of people ) because thats not really what bother me about the show. .
 what bother me be that people watch this and think it 's funny..It make me feel like our generation be get to stupid and I be actually scare that it will one day be run by people who watch this garbage..Basically the plot be simple..it be about an offensive,self centered,spoiled women(Sarah Silvermen ) get through everyday life..Thats it..Like that have n't be do a million times..In fact almost every joke either have be do or be racist..Sarah also like to sing..I like her voice..thats it..not the lyrics..The lyric be dreadful..which she like to sing about a lot of things..If you like to see a hot woman put everyone else down and make them feel like crap while at the same time fart and say crap about every race then this show be for you. .
 contain spoiler the movie plot can be summarize in a few sentence : three guy go hunting in the forest .
 two of them along other people get shot in the head without explanation .
 the last guy can stand in the clear , shout and do anything without get shot .
 he get to walk through an old factory and have the evil people walk right into his scope without a struggle .
 the villain be conveniently dress in black and look like villains.That be the whole story , not summarize but in detail .
 everything be draw out with a guy standing ring a door bell .
 we wait with him .
 long shot of guy be bore in the wood and sleeping .
 we can take a nap with them .
 the one draw out shot of follow a female jogger could have be redeeming , if we could see her butt or boob bouncing.There dialog be less then terminator and it be not because there be so much action .
 the character just do n't talk .
 and , then they do n't even have something corny to say like 'I will be back .
 ' if my buddy shoot this on the weekend , I will cheer for him , because it be quite a feat to figure out the camera control .
 to pay money to rent this as a DVD be totally inappropriate.The one thing that be a little funny be the extra with the director tell , how they local police do n't realize that they be shoot and treat them like a random guy walk around with a gun .
 if they will have film that , I will be sure it would be more fun to watch then the movie .
 before I watch this film I read a review here state that this film could possibly be one of the good film ever !
 ?
 ha ha Scene by scene the tension grow alright.. .
 from the annoy character in this movie .
 from the little girl talk gibberish and try to drown the little boy , to the killer just run about without any notice ( and who be the guy at the beach talk to the little boy !
 ?
 )..things just seem to happen and then go unanswered in this film .
 as I watch it seem like the film be go in one direction , then just do n't go anywhere , but into a new direction...and on and on...The acting be great , but the writing be horrible .
 each character , in each scene , say or do something so unbelievable , unrealistic and the reaction of the fellow cast/extras be simply strange .
 there be no resolution to the problem develop throughout the film , make it confusing and ultimately a big waste of time .
 my original review of this film be simply the word sh*t write @card@ time over .
 although this be a very accurate critique , I feel my review should be a little more descriptive.I will start with the lead actress ; her facial expression do n't change once in this film , she do n't show fear , happiness or depression .
 her skill in body language pretty much come down to dart her eye leave and right and look like she do n't know jack .
 she be an emotionless husk who I be guess have have too much botox .
 her lack of facial expression through out the film be outmatch however by the deplorable love affair with the lead actor which seem to spring out of nowhere and have them make out on a beach and fall in love within a couple of hour of meet one another .
 the lead actor , whose hair demand more attention than he do , be mediocre at good and do not once make me feel like he be genuinely in peril.The only thing that top the hideous acting be the directing , storyline and inaccuracy in plot .
 I have see tampon ad with more structure than this movie .
 the be no development in character , they just seem to say and do thing that I could never believe a real person would.This film would not have be bad if it be try to be crap on purpose like snake on a plane but it be try so hard to be a serious action flick that I could n't even laugh .
 I believe I now have a brain tumour from watch this film and think up all the different way I could have use that budget and cg team to create something far superior .
 if I buy this on DVD I would smash the DVD to piece , burn it then dissolve it in hydrochloric acid for good measure .
 DON'T WATCH This Film !
 i buy this DVD because it have kari in it and the mpaa rating say ; 'Rated R for strong violence and sexuality , nudity and language'.which correctly , Imo , should state ; 'Rated R for strong violence , sexuality , nudity and language'.the word 'sexuality ' should come after a 'comma ' , not an 'and ' because of the huge difference in mean it make .
 i think a lot of people who have watch this movie will agree with me that the sexuality and nudity part almost non-existent .
 my first impression when i look at the mpaa rating be that i will be watch something like 'vivid ' movie .
 that be why i feel cheated .
 story-wise , it be so-so , after-all who really care about the story if the gorgeous kari be in it .
 i know i don't.of course , this be only my opinion.Joseph this movie be laughably bad .
 a friend rent it from Netflix and make me watch it .
 there be so many gaffe and goof that it be impossible to even bother get to know the character and the plot .
 how about these for example...The 'Vermont Airport ' surround by palm treesBen be miraculously appear shirt during a phone conversationThe priest 's palatial office.. .
 complete with a folding card table deskThere be a decent story hide behind a very bad movie .
 but even if you look past the technical flaw , you will find horrid act and cast .
 I be most tickle by the casting of a flamboyantly gay actor to play the right-wing religious zealot brother .
 his opening scene , sit in his immaculate apartment , stroke his kitty cat , be hilarious.I applaud the writer/director/producer/editor/star/caterer/cast dentist/composer ( and whatever else he do on this move ) for actually get a movie like this distribute .
 if you have nothing well to do , it could be a fun group movie or even the basis of a drinking game but do n't rent it for a powerful story about homophobia and gay marriage .
 this be the bad movie I have ever see in my life .
 this be say quite a bit , consider some of the choice I have make in film rentals.I get this on netflix base entirely on the fact that someone I go to high school with be topless in it .
 the topless scene last all of about @card@ second and the rest of the movie be about as much fun as have pungee stick drive underneath my toenail whilst be force to listen to Roseanne sing big Spender.The 'skits ' be stupid and consist of the bad kind of juvenile bathroom humor and locker-room gag , and it be such a blatant ( and poor ) rip-off of the Kentucky Fried Movie that you will be beg for Big Jim Slade to crash through the wall and save us from the stupidity of 'Vince offer ' ( whoever that is).Unless you be a masochist , avoid this pile of rubbish .
 Pet Sematary , though a nice @card@ 's Horror movie , with a nice director and atmosphere , be a copy of the Italian movie Zeder by Pupi Avati .
 it be clear that Stephen King have copy almost all the idea from this director ( the movie Zeder be make before King write the book)The cat , the ground , everything be copy , this be a case of plagiary , but , be Stephen Kind a famous American writer , it be totally normal that he can get away with this , it be obviously due to the huge difference between this kind of Italian movie with no -budget ( and in part , it be crap itself ... ) but the original idea , I repeat it , it be Italian director AvatiLet the world know this movie be a stupid piece of crap .
 bad everything .
 why be it that we who love western movie get jilt nine out of ten time when rent western .
 it seem that if you do n't see name like Robert Duval , Kevin Kostner , or Tom Selleck attach to the cover , it be n't worth mess with .
 for the most part the main action of Shiloh Falls be take place in @card@ , yet the revolver use be 1860s model .
 even the shooting be bad - in one scene the Marshal fan his six-shooter about nine time and could n't hit any of three large man who be only about twenty foot away .
 I have to turn it off after about @card@ minute of this inanity .
 perhaps those who participate in this movie could have take some lesson at the sunset Carson School of Acting .
 the wonderful 'Z ' Channel in Los Angeles show this Pia Zadora film about six month or so after 'Butterfly ' .
 I have such high hope for the actress , and then she go from bad to obviously WORSE in this film.Again , it be the @card@ be and I gotta tell you Harold Robbin 's work have be eclipse by smart writer .
 Jacqueline Susann rip into him ( she hate his way of write woman ) , Irwin Shaw 's work catch on with many woman , and of course Sidney Sheldon have his kingdom in the late @card@ 's early @card@ be and then come Jackie Collins who make woman strong and as equal to man in every way in her book , even more so .
 which be why this work smelt .
 Harold Robbin 's work in the @card@ 's just do n't catch on with audience .
 Pia Zadora act in one of Robbin 's work be like throw kerosine on a fire .
 the support cast be not a help either.Oooooh.. .
 this be awful to look at then and even @card@ more year later , it look even bad .
 I have a hope for Pia as an actress and it all get shot to heck when this be do .
 it would be tough for Pia to redeem herself as an actress ( although John Waters cast her in 'Hairspray ' be a spark ) although she have a nice singing voice.Hey , Pia , wherever you are...Hairspray may go on tour !
 join the show .
 you may be the big comeback story yet.I just hope they burn this film for ya if you do .
 I have to compare two version of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and unfortunately I pick this version .
 everything from the act ( the actor deliver most of their line directly to the camera ) to the camera shot ( all medium or close up shots...no scenery shot and very little back grind in the shot ) be absolutely terrible .
 I watch this over my spring break and it be very safe to say that I feel that I be gyp out of @card@ minute of my vacation .
 not recommend by any stretch of the imagination .
 I be a big fan of the true crime genre , but I could n't sit through this putrid piece .
 it be almost as if Dahmer be intend as erotica , down to the porn-flic soundtrack .
 there be no look at what make Dahmer tick , no exploration of who his victim be .
 nothing but 'Look at how creepy this guy be .
 ' and I have to give the filmmaker this much -- their Dahmer be the creepy thing ever to disgrace the screen .
 warning : this review contain a spoiler.Wow .
 almost impressively bad .
 note I say , 'almost ' .
 this be nothing more than lot of random scene string together in a loose attempt at a story .
 the protagonist ( you CANNOT call them 'heroes ' ) shoot innocent bystander for their food , and also rob same for similar reason .
 there be also ton of homoeroticism , which be a turnoff for me .
 ( spoiler : it seem as if the villainess ( who only be topless and not naked as other review claim ) get kill early on , but miraculously recover , add another @card@ minute of audience-torture .
 ) I ca n't shake the feeling that animal abuse occur numerous time in this cinematic abomination .
 if you be in a MST3K mood , you might find this watchable , but for the most part you can forget it .
 go rent the original Conan DVD instead .
 this have to be one of the bad film of the 1990s .
 when my friend & I be watch this film ( be the target audience it be aim at ) we just sit & watch the first half an hour with our jaw touch the floor at how bad it really be .
 the rest of the time , everyone else in the theatre just start talk to each other , leave or generally cry into their popcorn that they actually pay money they have earnt work to watch this feeble excuse for a film .
 it must have look like a great idea on paper , but on film it look like no-one in the film have a clue what be go on .
 crap acting , crap costume .
 I ca n't get across how embarrasing this be to watch .
 save yourself an hour & a bit of your life........ .
 dreadful acting .
 a thinly veil attempt to slam those on the leave side of the aisle.Women be subjugate and revolve around man .
 Tom Selleck show his acting range from A to B. just pick up this film for a buck at National Wholesale Liquidators , and after watch it , I feel like I get ripped-off.I do n't know that I have see a bad film than this .
 honestly .
 and I would never write a negative review of a film have I not such enormous respect for the subject matter , that be , Stephen Foster and his music.First , what be it ?
 it be a musical biography ?
 yeah , lot be of tune by Foster then intersperse here and there be these pseudo-Broadway-Jerome Kern-type number that reek more than the Mississippi delta .
 I mean , somebody get PAID to write this drivel ?
 secondly , the real story of Foster be a fascinating one .
 why not even come close to it ?
 thirdly , what do they have on the great Ray Middleton to get him to do this film ?
 picture of him with small boy ?
 ?
 with communist ?
 what a waste of a great talent.So , friend of Foster , and the truth , and good entertainment , be afraid.. .
 be very , very , afraid .
 after see the low-budget shitty version of the 'Universal Soldier ' franchise , I hope and pray that Van Damme reprise his role as Luc Devoreaux in a second Unisol movie .
 well , it seem this prayer be answer , but not the way I hope .
 Universial Soldier @card@ be just intense as poetry reading at your local library .
 no , even that would be more intriguing .
 the fight sequence be top-notch , Bruce Lee quality , which be the only redeeming factor in this entire pathetic excuse for a motion picture .
 that and have former WCW tough-guy legend 'Goldberg ' play the villain .
 however , place Goldberg as Seth 's sidekick lieutenant would have be better.We offend me the most be the setting of the movie itself .
 it be like some film school student slap it together .
 the plot hole be that big than Kanye West 's ego be what really do this movie in .
 for example : Luc 's daughter , Hillary look like she be at least @card@ year old and the first movie be film only seven year ago .
 how be that possible ?
 tell me that !
 the part in which Luc 's partner be kill off and turn into a Unisol be just re-goddamn diculous !
 you mean to tell me that there be an experimental Unisol expose naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the movie .
 C'mon .
 the director could have spend more time with this movie like the first one and sew all the plot hole shut .
 but oooh nooo !
 speak of the plot , it SUCKS !
 compare to the first movie , Universal Soldier @card@ 's plot water down and worthless .
 where be the gritty thrill in which a Unisol go berserk an re-enact his last memory in a supermarket rampage think its Desert Storm or something ?
 this be the dawn of the millennium , you would attract more of an audience if this have take place in a dystopia/Orwellian type of future cesspit .
 Corny be the correct adjective to describe this sad , sad , sad sequel.From what I see : double impact , under Siege @card@ , Robocop @card@ , and hell , even the cheap-ass/no class terminator knock-off 'Class of @card@ ' be more entertaining than this !
 an idiotic dentist find out that his wife have be unfaithful .
 so , no new story line here .
 however , the author manage to create a stupid , disgusting film .
 if you enjoy watch kid vomit , or see a dentist imagine that he be pull all his wife 's tooth out in a bloody horror-type , go see ( or rent ) the film .
 if not , move on to something else ( My Fair Lady , anyone ?
 ) just about everything in this movie be wrong , wrong , wrong .
 take Mike Myers , for example .
 he have reach the point where you realize that his shtick have n't change since his SNL day , over ten year ago .
 he be do the same cutesy stream-of-consciousness joke and the same voice .
 his Cat be painfully unfunny .
 he try way to hard .
 he be some weird type a comedian , not the cool cat he be suppose to be .
 the rest of the movie be just as bad .
 the set be unbelievably ugly --- and clearly a waste of million of dollar .
 ( cardboard cut-out for the background building would have make more sense than construct an entire neighborhood and main street .
 ) Alec Balwin try to do a funny Great Santini impression , but he end up look and sound incoherent .
 there be even an innapropriate cheesecake moment with faux celebrity Paris Hilton --- that stick in the mind simply because this be suppose to be a Dr .
 Seuss story .
 avoid this movie at all cost , folk .
 it be not even an interesting train wreck .
 ( I hope they will make Horton Hears a who with Robin Williams .
 then we will have the bad-Seuss movie-starring-spasitc- comedian trilogy .
 ) for that matter one of the bad FILMS ever make .
 plot go as follow .
 slog through jungle look area for @card@ minute or so .
 have Bo go somewhere and strip .
 slog through the jungle some more .
 give Bo another excuse to strip .
 back to the jungle .
 oh look !
 there be a Tarzan look guy !
 Strip , Bo - strip .
 kill the safari people .
 Tarzan look guy have a fight scene .
 save Bo .
 Bo strip .
 run credit .
 run credit , run .
 this movie may be the bad movie I have ever see .
 basically it be right above Leprachaun @card@ , the only difference be that it miss Ice T. the scene where he do the chick with the carrott...priceless .
 oh yeah they make a second one , genius this be an awful film .
 yea the girl be pretty but its not very good .
 the plot have a cowboy get involve with an Indian maiden would be interesting if the sex do n't get in the way .
 well , okay it might be interesting , but its not , because its so badly pace and and only partly act .
 I can only imagine what the close up of the dancing tush look like on a big screen , probably more laughable then they do on TV .
 ( I wo n't even mention the topless knife fight between two woman who be tie together and spend the whole thing chest to chest .
 never read about that in the old west ) this be a film that require liberal use of fast forward.I like schlock film but this be ridiculous .
 there be a reason that I do n't go for this sort of film and that they tend not be very good , the plot take a back seat to breast .
 the original nudie cutie as they be call be originally nudist film or film where there be no touching but as the adult industry begin to grow the film maker either try to be clever or try to exploit something else in order to put butt in seat .
 the clever one be very few which only leave hack who be of limited talent .
 the comedy often come off good with the humor approach the first grade level , infantile but harmlessly fun .
 something that could rarely be say about any other genre cross dress as a nudie.The Ramrodder look good and have a couple of nice piece but its do in by be neither western nor sex film.I need not watch this again.Of interest to probably no one , the rapist and killer in the film be play by Bobby Beausoleil , a member of the Manson family who be arrest for murder a school teacher not long after film wrapped.Obviously these sort of thing will ruin some people life .
 there be a reasonably good look girl star the film(Zoe Mclellan ) but even her look could n't stop me from vote it the low possible - one.The plot be bad and irrational.What more can I say .
 the movie suck .
 that be pretty ridiculous , I hope many people be expose to Muslims who live all over the U.S , U.k , and all over the world .
 the religion have over a billion follower .
 I Myself bear and bread in America and through my religious class and teaching I have be teach to cherish my country and work to contribute to the society .
 I be very dedicate to the following and teaching of my religion have be stress through out life to educate and prepare oneself for success through education in order to contribute back to the world .
 I have know many Muslim from all over and I have travel to country like Pakistan..I have yet to meet one person who believe that we should hurt anyone or not accept any other religion except from the people in the media...I wonder why.. .
 also its sad that these extremist be the one the medium use to represent a whole religion .
 its a religion of one billion people , and these be less than one percent , I be sure the other people of other religion would not like to be represent by the KKK , IRA and many more which be simple small percentage extremist who use outdated and not literal passage from the respected book in order to pursue their own revenge , personal , or business matter through their so call religion a terrible movie as everyone have say .
 what make me laugh be the cameo appearance by Scott McNealy , give an award to one of the murder programmer in front of a wall of Sun logo .
 McNealy be the CEO of Sun Microsystem , a company that practically define itself by its hatred of Microsoft .
 they have be instrumental in file antitrust complaint against Microsoft .
 so , be they silly enough to think this bad movie would add fuel to that fire ?
 there be no public record I see of Sun 's involvement , but clearly the maker of this movie know Scott McNealy .
 an interesting mystery .
 first of all , if you'r a fan of the comic , well , you will be VERY disappoint I be sure !
 low budget movie !
 !
 !
 Largo be suppose to be Serbian in the comic , now suddenly he become Croatian , pfff !
 chicken producer , it give some spice and gut to the comic ( by the way , in the film , his father speak Serbian and he speak croatian.. .
 Lol ) .
 the striking N.Y. Winch building become a common average-small yacht in H.K. the good look Largo become some unshaved Tzigan/Turkish look guy .
 Freddy the cool 'scarface ' pilot become some fat , out of shape , sad , average guy .
 Simon , Largo 's good buddy , do not exist at all !
 ?
 he give some pepper !
 Largo do n't throw knife at all , but just some snake stares.. .
 the whole story be confuse and look like a pretentious TV-film .
 French director and producer , if you do n't have the money , the ability or the technology to adapt correctly the comic , please stick to some romance shooted in Paris .
 very very bad film , good thing I just rent it , do n't count on me to watch the sequel ( if there be any !
 ) .
 yes , he be !
 ...No , not because of Pintilie like to undress his actor and show publicly their privy .
 Pintilie be the naked 'emperor ' - so to speak...It 's big time for someone to state the truth .
 this impostor be a voyeur , a brat lock in an old man 's body .
 his abundance of nude scene have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever .
 it be @card@ % visual perversion : he get his kick by make the actor strip in the buff and look at their willies .
 and if he do this in front of the audience , he might eve get a hard-on !
 do you know that , on the set of 'Niki Ardelean ' , he use to embarrass poor Coca Bloss , by tell her : 'Oh , Coca , how I wanna f*** you !
 ' ?
 she be a great lady , very decent and sensitive , and she become unspeakably ashamed - to his petty satisfaction !
 and , as a worrying alarm signal about the degree of vulgarity and lack of education in Romanian audience , so many people be still so foolish to declare these visual obscenity 'works of art ' !
 will anyone have ever the decency to expose the truth of it all ?
 a romance without feeling , a drama of issue without point ( or drama)... .
 this film be suppose to be all these and fail on each and every account , as if it be n't try .
 or as if the director/editor/scriptwriter team be n't really try .
 the actor be able--they need good support.One element that do n't fail be the score by George Delarue .
 beautiful and move .
 what a shame it be attach to this film .
 in a good film actor ' word and movement and music synchronize and enhance the impact .
 this editor plaster on music with no regard for dialogue and movement .
 the love scene be particularly grate in this respect : an insult to the talent of the lead actors.There be another element in the film that work : location photography .
 notably one moment in Grand Central Station .
 I have guess in advance what be go to happen ; but how it be film in that setting be breathtaking.Some commentator on this board have point out that US assimilation of criminal Nazi scientist actually happen during these year of the MacCarthy scare .
 the moment the film seem to start look seriously at American society , it switch into conventional romance ; before any human feeling can move us , it be away on a ( predictable ) 'thriller ' escapade.Just as the film insult the talent of the actor , it insult the issue it be pretend ( and fail ) to take up.You be warn .
 this movie be spoof in an episode of Mystery Science Theater @ord@ I think MST3K be at its good when they rip this movie.Terrible acting , bad makeup , poor effect , chick in skimpy ( 1960's)underwear .
 I give it a 2.The villain be hard to understand due to the makeup .
 the assistant say thing like 'not you ' that sound like NACHOO !
 !
 ( think sneeze ) .
 it be just poor oration .
 the long eyebrow be hilarious on one of the characters.I still do n't know what 'The Projected Man ' mean in term of the plot .
 I miss some of the beginning though.What be up with this @card@ line minimum on post ?
 ?
 ten minute worth of story stretch out into the good part of two hour .
 when nothing of any significance have happen at the halfway point I should have leave .
 but , ever hopeful , I stay .
 and leave with a feeling of guilt for have waste the time .
 act be OK , but the story line be so transparent and weak .
 the script be about as lame as it could get , but again , stretch out the ten minute plot do n't leave a whole lot of room for good dialogue .
 the week before I see Iowa , I see Art School Confidential , in which a pretentious student make a film and ca n't decide whether he want it to be art or violent exploitation .
 Iowa could be the film that he make .
 I can see element of much good movie in Iowa - Spun and Natural Born Killers .
 however , in addition to artiness , both those movie have good character development and coherent story line .
 Iowa .
 this movie stumble to a preposterous end .
 I have to admit that it have consistency .
 this movie be bad from begin to end and not particularly bad or good in any part .
 the actor all do what they could .
 Roseanna Arquette deserve well .
 she demonstrate that she be very talented , very funny , and very sexy .
 but why do she have to demonstrate it in this turd ball .
 first of all , I have to say I have work for blockbuster and have see quite a few movie to the point its tough for me to find something I have n't see .
 take this into account , I want everyone to know that this movie be by far the bad film ever make , it make me pine for Gigli , My Boss 's Daughter , and any other piece of junk you have ever see .
 BeLyt must be out of his mind , I have only find one person who like it and even they could n't tell me what the movie be about .
 if you be able to decipher this movie and be able to tell me what it be about you have to either be the writer or a fortune teller because there be any other way a person could figure this crap out.FOR the Love of G-D Stay AWAY !
 I see this movie in @card@ , I be @card@ or @card@ , when it be release .
 the theater be perhaps @card@ full when the movie start .
 ten minute into the movie me and the friend who go with me to see the film be the only two people in the theater .
 the movie be really weird and have no plot or reason to its script and people demand their money back .
 we decide to stay for the ENTIRE movie... .
 why endure such torture ?
 ?
 ... here be why .
 we want to be true movie critics.. .
 to have a standard to base all other movie on it be hard to justify say you have see the good movie ( a 10)they always come up with something well .
 but , it be easy to be able to base all other movie off of the bad movie ever make ( and this be it.. .
 a @card@ at good ) .
 there may be other movie out there that truly qualify as a @card@ , but I have yet to see them .
 I now base all movie I see on a scale base on this worst....I be a True Movie CRITIC...he he .
 oh , brother .
 the only reason this very irritate film avoid get the total 'bomb ' from me be because it be at least historically noteworthy as the first three Stooges film ( when they be n't yet on their own and be still saddle with that painfully unfunny Ted Healy ) .
 but even as a longtime Stooges fan I will have to say that young Moe , Larry and Curly be badly use here as three zany assistant janitor to Mr .
 Healy 's tall boss janitor .
 they be not feature steadily through the movie and their silly on-and-off-again stint paint them more like zany overactive cartoon character try too hard to be amusing.Most of this toothache deal with Jack Pearl seek in vain to get some chuckle from the audience himself as a man who impersonate Baron Munchausen ( here be a good example of the level of humor : 'I object !
 ' 'On what ground ?
 ' 'Coffee ground !
 ' ) .
 his sidekick be none other than a young Jimmy Durante , but even the schnoz himself be a bore .
 I remember when this come out a lot of kid be nut about it .
 I guess I be a bit too old to get all excited and I be a fan of real martial art film and always find this a bit cheesy.In the early @card@ be we be swamp with program such as this make kid feel like they could fight and be a power ranger or an equal to these kid on @card@ Ninjas .
 I think eventually parent and film maker alike get sick of it because all we have in reality be abunch of kid go around punch and hit everyone.Many kid movie have some big point they be try to make and its nice for your kid to watch and get the message , this one do n't have any message at all...it just exploit a million difference thing in less than @card@ minutes.The movie have no great visual quality but would one expect it to ?
 the acting be pretty bad .
 Victor Wong be a cool actor but it be embarrassing to see him here. .
 the short , fat , gimped eyed old fart as a powerful ninja that be just hilarious .
 the kid over act way too much and the young Ninja Tum Tum be maybe the bad kid actor I have ever seen.The movie have a plot that anyone know before they even read the review .
 @card@ ninjas...yea you know they be gonna fight a bunch of bad guy and win obviously.. .
 need I say more .
 sorry if I spoil it for anyone.With all that say Kids Will Love it .
 this movie be aim at kid and only child could enjoy it .
 if you do n't mind your kid see movie about kid fight this be a good movie to let them see .
 if you do n't mind allow your child to see complete garbage that have nothing to do with real martial art , real acting or reality period then you have find a movie for your kids.. .
 I say kid because I think even the girl will like it.. .
 I recall all the girl have a crush on Rocky.2 out of @card@ star because I think you can make a movie for kid and still make it enjoyable for adults..this movie fail big time at that. .
 it be beyond cheesy and nothing original or unique and I would not allow a child of mine to watch it.. .
 Kung Fu the TV series be on DVD and there be ton of great Shaw Brothers film out there...Why not show your child thing that will really entertain them and not make them dumb along the way , perhaps even teach them some move and not just how to kick a man between the leg as grandpa do on @card@ Ninjas...no no no...never kick a man between the leg ...never .
 .
 thats so unninja like .
 I be a fan of the previous Best of the Best film .
 but this one be awful .
 no wonder I have such a hard time find it .
 I try @card@ video rental store , until I find one with a copy of this movie .
 the act be terrible , the plot be a joke , and the action be bad as well.I really miss Alex Grady , Travis Brigley , and the original kickboxing character and theme that this film have with the first @card@ movies.John Well , be to start ?
 this be by far one of the bad film I have ever pay good money to see .
 I wo n't comment on the story itself , it be a wonderful classic , but here it feel like a soap opera .
 to start with , the acting , except for Eric Bana , be soap opera quality .
 I have always be a fan of Brad Pitt , but here every actor on the Bold and the Beautiful put him to shame .
 the camera action do n't help , either .
 how it linger on him when he be think , it just take me back to Brooke Forrester 's day in the lab !
 Peter O'Toole have either have a really bad plastic surgery , or he be desperately in need of one .
 either way , he look more like Linda Evans than Linda Evans !
 and to end my comment , Diane Kruger be a cute girl , but she sure be no Helen of Troy .
 Peterson should rather have choose Saffron Burrows for the role , since Elizabeth Taylor would be rather miscast by now .
 my husband and I buy the Old School Sesame Street DVD 's for our daughter and I have to say , I do n't let her watch the new episode on TV , because I find ALL of the character annoy .
 Baby Bear and Telly ?
 OMgosh , how ANNOYING and useless blabber can someone think of for their 'skits ' ?
 Elmo ?
 give it a rest not every kid like him , once again , annoy and do n't teach my child anything .
 Mr .
 noodle ?
 what a reject .
 I think the one time I turn the 'new ' show on for her , she and I be leave dumb than before .
 the show have definitely take a wrong turn .
 I remember the Yip Yips , Kermit 's break News , @card@ @card@ Little Dolls , Mumford the Magician , Bert and Ernie , Grover the Waiter , all the great educational skit of Old School S.S. Sesame Street have suffer a direct hit of boredom and dumbness since Jim Henson be pass in @ord@ the show no longer have the educational , funny and interactive skit it use to .
 I find the new version simply unbearably annoy and full of useless non-educational blabber .
 way to go S.S. producers/writers you have yet another cartoony show for the parent to sit there non-creative , non-exercised kid in front of so they will get out of their hair .
 per Producers/Writers : I suggest you whip out the old muppets and start tape similar content to that of the first Sesame Street 's .
 Lord know I sure do n't want my child talk like Baby Bear or Elmo .
 pathetic be the word .
 bad acting , pathetic script , cheezy dialog and hip hop music & fashion...what the hell be up with that ?
 the direct of this movie act as bad as the movie he make .
 if someone would have take some time and effort to rework the whole thing , it may of have a chance .
 bet the studio be still try figure out how they could screw up up so badly.The absolute good thing about this movie be Stacey Dash...the Asian chick be n't too bad neither .
 these too gal carry the whole movie .
 if it be n't for them I would have destroy my copy of this movie.If any of those who have not see this yet and have a notion to , do n't waste your time...you will only regret it later .
 I have see a lot of stupid plotlines in my time , but this one be among the bad .
 after catch some disease in space , an astronaut come back to earth and start melting .
 he then go on a rampage , kill people ( how be beyond me ; I just watch them , I ca n't explain them .
 ) this be the kind of movie that should n't have be make in the first place .
 when 'My Deja Vu , My Deja Vu ' air last season , I be please .
 scrub , I think , be do something clever and unique in regard to the clip-show concept .
 instead of replay footage , they be replay joke in a self-aware manner , and I really enjoy it.I find it really unfortunate that I be wrong .
 one season later , they succumb to that which almost all sitcom inevitably do , the clip show...and it look like it be put together by the work-experience kid .
 Dr Cox 's shave head show just how lazy the editor be in put it together , as it do n't appear again until 'My Long Goodbye ' some @card@ episode later .
 I ca n't imagine that a wig be too much effort when it come to maintain the continuity of what be once a well-constructed sitcom .
 who know why it be slot there , it just seem lazy and out of place , remind me ( largely ) of episode that have air within the past year.Three second clip jam together with background music be a DVD extra for a ( very ) rainy day , not an episode of prime-time television .
 I begin watch this movie with my girl-friend .
 and after @card@ minute I be alone.I succeed to stay until the end .
 it have be a painful experience.I like jean hugues anglade , but I think that he need to eat , as us , and thus he accept to play in this movie.There be only @card@ character , and the rest could be call 'art ' or something that I could n't express , but that I do n't understand at all.The only bad movie I see be crash , but I be pretty sure now that I have enough experience to watch it successfully again.good luck !
 !
 ; o ) obvious attack on Microsoft make by people who do n't appear to understand intellectual property or market economy generally.Loony liberal tim robbin play a painfully obvious caricature of bill gate , and be a cartoonish corporate villain order murder right and left.While microsoft may engage in some anticompetitive activity at time , it be unlikely they actually murder people .
 therefore , the film be over the top and ridiculous from the beginning.The 'deeper ' point be apparently that major tech innovation should be free to the public , and not subject to intellectual property law .
 however , this ignore the fact that most major innovation would never have be develop if not for the market incentive ( and reward ) provide by intellectual property.It 's one thing to be oppose to anti-competitive conduct -- that be common sense .
 it be quite another to be oppose to market competition in the first place , which be what the film 's mantra ( 'knowledge belong to mankind ' ) represents.Yet another example of Hollywood be completely out of touch with reality .
 *** This CONTAINS Many , Many SPOILERS , NOT THAT it Matters , SINCE EVERYTHING be So PATENTLY OBVIOUS ***Oh my God , where do I start ?
 well , here - this be the first time I have ever come home from a movie and say 'I have to get on IMDb and write a review of this NOW .
 it be my civic duty .
 ' such be the badness of this flick.*begin digression* but let me just state one thing before I start .
 I be not some Harvard-art-major-film-noir-weenie ( in fact , I go to the college at the other end of Mass .
 Ave in Cambridge , the one where the actual smart people without rich daddy and trust fund go , which should put me squarely in the nerd-who-would-obsessively-love-comic-book-films census group , and still I hate this film.. .
 ) .
 my viewing preference be for the highbrow cinematic oeuvre that include the die Hards , bond flick , Clerks , and the Grail .
 I wish the Titanic have never sink , not so much for the life lose , but so we would n't have be subject to that dung-heap of a film .
 and the single and only reason I will watch a snooty French art film be if there be a young and frequently disrobe Emmanuelle Beart in it .
 I even give Maximum Overdrive one of its precious few 10s here on IMDb , for God 's sake .
 so I be as shallow as they come , therefore I be not criticize this film because I be look for some standard of cinematic excellence - it be because Elektra stink like a three-week-old dead goat .
 *end digression*OK , there be so much badness here that I have to try to categorize it .
 here goes:MS .
 garner : one of the compelling reason a male would want to see this flick be to see lot of hot JGar ( I have no idea why my wife want to ) .
 I think that between this and 'Finding Nemo ' , the latter be the sexy film .
 you know the red outfit she have advertise wear in every freak ad you see ?
 you see her in it twice - once at the beginning , once at the end .
 bummer .
 in the rest , she basically look like what Morrissey would look like if he be a female - lot of pout and black clothes .
 which bring me to the incredible range of expression JGar show in her acting - range from 'pouting ' all the way to 'pouting and cry ' .
 oh my God , you will think she be be force to date Ben Affleck or something horrible like that .
 Um , wait...THE Bad GUYS/GAL : they show about the same range of expression and act ability that you will expect from a slightly overripe grapefruit .
 at least next to JGar 's performance , it do n't stand out too badly .
 one guy 's role be to stand there and be huge , another have be to stand there and have stuff come out of him , and the woman 's role be to stand there and breathe on and/or kiss people .
 they manage to pull these incredible feat off .
 the main bad guy have the most difficult role of all - he have to SIMULTANEOUSLY a ) appear angry and b ) appear Asian .
 he do a fine job at this .
 I think there be a fifth bad guy/gal , but my brain be start to block part of this movie out in self-defense.PLOT twist !
 this movie have about as many surprise as a speech at the Democratic National Convention .
 let be just put it this way - my wife , who have only be in the U.S. for half a year and speak only a small amount of English - whisper this to me when the girl first appear in JG 's pad , and I swear to God I be not make this up : 'She go to house to kill girl .
 and father too .
 ' and this be BEFORE THE Father have Even APPEARED on the screen .
 now my wife be n't stupid , but she be n't be court by Mensa for her gift , either , and she have have zero exposure to Daredevil or the comic book genre .
 and she figure this out in @card@ second with no prodding and no prior information .
 such be the blatant obviousness of this film.RARELY-BEFORE-SEEN stupidity !
 OK , so there be this big dude in the film .
 he can take a chestful of shotgun blast and brush off the shot like it 's lint , and he can take a vicious Electra stab to the chest and just bend the metal ( or melt it - or something - more defense kick in , thank God ) .
 but JG jump on his head , and he explode ?
 an Achilles noggin ?
 OK !
 such be the mind-numbing stupidity of this film.Ack .
 I be start to feel a cerebral hemorrhage come on , so I have to stop .
 but you have be warn .
 if you have to intentionally slash your own tire to prevent yourself from go to see this movie , DO it .
